NAMESPACE         NAME                            READYTOUSE   SOURCEPVC                                                                        SOURCESNAPSHOTCONTENT                                                 RESTORESIZE   SNAPSHOTCLASS                   SNAPSHOTCONTENT                                                       CREATIONTIME   AGE
backup            snapshot-copy-47qn84bh          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-47qn84bh-content-97fe8260-0f7f-49cb-a50f-67fed43b9a0d   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-47qn84bh-content-97fe8260-0f7f-49cb-a50f-67fed43b9a0d   63d            63d
backup            snapshot-copy-55flc2vg          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-55flc2vg-content-780ae6ff-2d90-4780-8a2f-6d1e96565d2c   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-55flc2vg-content-780ae6ff-2d90-4780-8a2f-6d1e96565d2c   63d            63d
backup            snapshot-copy-65wq756f          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-65wq756f-content-00f567c9-d975-43ba-be58-be0a3a78cdd5   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-65wq756f-content-00f567c9-d975-43ba-be58-be0a3a78cdd5   84d            84d
backup            snapshot-copy-7dhtgz75          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-7dhtgz75-content-6d1eaa35-3eba-45a4-926d-080484c4d952   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-7dhtgz75-content-6d1eaa35-3eba-45a4-926d-080484c4d952   84d            84d
backup            snapshot-copy-7sc5trkn          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-7sc5trkn-content-0d829b07-b00f-4b08-ac16-ec4fe56696d4   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-7sc5trkn-content-0d829b07-b00f-4b08-ac16-ec4fe56696d4   84d            84d
backup            snapshot-copy-8pgmggqw          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-8pgmggqw-content-73d16512-5ae2-4f4d-9077-2c0982e1101a   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-8pgmggqw-content-73d16512-5ae2-4f4d-9077-2c0982e1101a   83d            83d
backup            snapshot-copy-97m5v64x          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-97m5v64x-content-f382438b-c35c-411d-a248-7900e1f4c91e   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-97m5v64x-content-f382438b-c35c-411d-a248-7900e1f4c91e   85d            85d
backup            snapshot-copy-99jczsld          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-99jczsld-content-cd4dfb5b-192c-48e9-aeb5-e72133729fc2   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-99jczsld-content-cd4dfb5b-192c-48e9-aeb5-e72133729fc2   63d            63d
backup            snapshot-copy-f69hkq5g          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-f69hkq5g-content-42318d29-4b8e-4275-8260-fee59370b040   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-f69hkq5g-content-42318d29-4b8e-4275-8260-fee59370b040   84d            84d
backup            snapshot-copy-fdh6jh8t          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-fdh6jh8t-content-9c65b308-85a5-4e74-833f-beaa03f0cdb9   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-fdh6jh8t-content-9c65b308-85a5-4e74-833f-beaa03f0cdb9   84d            84d
backup            snapshot-copy-fkh7v9cb          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-fkh7v9cb-content-cd1371db-f2d3-47f0-b6b9-e94b6d9b92e4   0             k10-clone-ceph-filesystem       snapshot-copy-fkh7v9cb-content-cd1371db-f2d3-47f0-b6b9-e94b6d9b92e4   62d            62d
backup            snapshot-copy-fprx8q4m          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-fprx8q4m-content-29305c1f-6c7b-47ba-babe-adc4578ba413   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-fprx8q4m-content-29305c1f-6c7b-47ba-babe-adc4578ba413   85d            85d
backup            snapshot-copy-fzdx9pgz          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-fzdx9pgz-content-6fb5967b-2c40-4ada-bf38-27b6964ae1ab   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-fzdx9pgz-content-6fb5967b-2c40-4ada-bf38-27b6964ae1ab   87d            87d
backup            snapshot-copy-g8tv7ppt          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-g8tv7ppt-content-29c54cbb-8aa5-446e-ae0c-869b3221ac99   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-g8tv7ppt-content-29c54cbb-8aa5-446e-ae0c-869b3221ac99   83d            83d
backup            snapshot-copy-grsbm667          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-grsbm667-content-062760b3-3794-424e-b266-2f1ca1e2535e   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-grsbm667-content-062760b3-3794-424e-b266-2f1ca1e2535e   84d            84d
backup            snapshot-copy-hfzcvd9n          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-hfzcvd9n-content-b5ff068f-f48b-497f-906b-a24015eb087c   0             k10-clone-ceph-filesystem       snapshot-copy-hfzcvd9n-content-b5ff068f-f48b-497f-906b-a24015eb087c   81d            81d
backup            snapshot-copy-hwdfbqbp          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-hwdfbqbp-content-3a9e21c2-db16-41df-9d35-eb04e0d7068c   0             k10-clone-ceph-filesystem       snapshot-copy-hwdfbqbp-content-3a9e21c2-db16-41df-9d35-eb04e0d7068c   77d            77d
backup            snapshot-copy-jbszhvnv          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-jbszhvnv-content-dd246229-ae1e-413c-b33e-20d4f672a3cf   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-jbszhvnv-content-dd246229-ae1e-413c-b33e-20d4f672a3cf   85d            85d
backup            snapshot-copy-jlvlgcsk          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-jlvlgcsk-content-3005371b-9be8-4e32-a0a3-3c2d7c536c00   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-jlvlgcsk-content-3005371b-9be8-4e32-a0a3-3c2d7c536c00   85d            85d
backup            snapshot-copy-kqb5wgnz          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-kqb5wgnz-content-37f315fe-ea45-401e-abc0-033f5f483c70   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-kqb5wgnz-content-37f315fe-ea45-401e-abc0-033f5f483c70   63d            63d
backup            snapshot-copy-kz8d68jj          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-kz8d68jj-content-ce98b28e-33a7-4b8f-8ca2-4000fe168b44   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-kz8d68jj-content-ce98b28e-33a7-4b8f-8ca2-4000fe168b44   85d            85d
backup            snapshot-copy-l45v7hvq          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-l45v7hvq-content-9cdbf85d-e0d9-404e-9f70-247d7326b86f   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-l45v7hvq-content-9cdbf85d-e0d9-404e-9f70-247d7326b86f   63d            63d
backup            snapshot-copy-lgf5fwpq          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-lgf5fwpq-content-5be985cf-3982-4448-981e-16e89ac36fa7   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-lgf5fwpq-content-5be985cf-3982-4448-981e-16e89ac36fa7   87d            87d
backup            snapshot-copy-m7g7d25h          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-m7g7d25h-content-aa9db858-7d6b-4134-93f2-b98a225af169   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-m7g7d25h-content-aa9db858-7d6b-4134-93f2-b98a225af169   87d            87d
backup            snapshot-copy-n2mcbbht          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-n2mcbbht-content-5a94babd-85c9-4b05-95e4-e11711213248   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-n2mcbbht-content-5a94babd-85c9-4b05-95e4-e11711213248   86d            86d
backup            snapshot-copy-nj6xjcpl          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-nj6xjcpl-content-4b843c25-f35d-42ad-b81e-d942f7288f72   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-nj6xjcpl-content-4b843c25-f35d-42ad-b81e-d942f7288f72   79d            79d
backup            snapshot-copy-pjgp4jkr          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-pjgp4jkr-content-7732bc81-c8db-4299-81c5-98f79e05c4ff   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-pjgp4jkr-content-7732bc81-c8db-4299-81c5-98f79e05c4ff   85d            85d
backup            snapshot-copy-rcwf77ck          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-rcwf77ck-content-164372e5-c70a-40c1-b435-9ce9a81bb65a   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-rcwf77ck-content-164372e5-c70a-40c1-b435-9ce9a81bb65a   85d            85d
backup            snapshot-copy-rt2qrrdq          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-rt2qrrdq-content-d3dca669-ceb6-4f36-9611-af1c8f8e695d   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-rt2qrrdq-content-d3dca669-ceb6-4f36-9611-af1c8f8e695d   84d            84d
backup            snapshot-copy-rw8d66sf          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-rw8d66sf-content-27982828-6175-4605-b5bd-4d2217e35b89   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-rw8d66sf-content-27982828-6175-4605-b5bd-4d2217e35b89   63d            63d
backup            snapshot-copy-t2srpq9t          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-t2srpq9t-content-47cda7b3-d130-4a63-b6da-a3ccf4f5322e   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-t2srpq9t-content-47cda7b3-d130-4a63-b6da-a3ccf4f5322e   86d            86d
backup            snapshot-copy-wl752lbp          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-wl752lbp-content-4c563dfd-5d06-414e-b0f6-9be782604807   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-wl752lbp-content-4c563dfd-5d06-414e-b0f6-9be782604807   63d            63d
backup            snapshot-copy-znrdffvn          true                                                                                          snapshot-copy-znrdffvn-content-35c5f89e-784f-47ea-be44-eb99b94852cb   0             k10-clone-ceph-block-snapshot   snapshot-copy-znrdffvn-content-35c5f89e-784f-47ea-be44-eb99b94852cb   84d            84d
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-24xdbt5xnh9scxtf   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-22973978-1e30-4177-8f46-d03f4d3ad1e4                      13d            13d
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-5zj69frdh9ng92cq   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-28edd5fe-5554-4c5f-acc6-34a6f2fadb43                      10h            10h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-67cwxgxgkk42lpx4   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-89e09c56-3285-45e1-acd8-106c3803be3b                      11h            11h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-75m4g95z2gzngdgw   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fee10362-008a-4f8b-858b-67d9caf0f403                      23h            23h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-76ccfcdjs4bprzn6   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-eeb67a19-14d8-4eb5-9b81-5b04af501d23                      65d            65d
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-786rjlhqxwzg4mpn   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-345074ae-cbd3-42b7-aa1f-4aa44c419bdd                      4d6h           4d6h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-7xkgndnds98dqx4h   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0d0ff0ee-163f-4070-8dd4-83f57ca439cf                      20h            20h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-9kj4grvdnw255l7l   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a957151a-a3da-4023-99c5-daa5b7452458                      12h            12h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-b2pspdmgd8hqcn52   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c532e0ad-be3c-4afc-bcd1-97494230adee                      13h            13h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-b6qz58cb26wxlz9b   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1b37d51f-2895-4c7e-a4b8-c0141bdd246d                      21h            21h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-bbhrjfb86hj886zs   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9f78ec40-ef8b-40e8-93df-b6406ec6b9a7                      4h45m          4h45m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-bpfbptswshjgffq2   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4fd66675-564f-480a-b14c-8fb1e9a94d79                      2d6h           2d6h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-ddn994bllwxmqbp4   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-08256ee8-5e0b-4381-bb42-05d4f3068965                      18h            18h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-dx97vm5ksgsk9scp   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f043f51a-82a3-4ee9-bbe0-4de38d2a4fbe                      17h            17h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-f6fhf6shslwgp4wc   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-83d77d41-e040-45ba-be54-3cbddf266ee0                      22h            22h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-fsnc4pbjx6w4qsbb   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-461374e8-bdba-4c3a-bc80-eaad54286227                      6d6h           6d6h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-gvc7jjkcxsskqdqb   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0022bf61-b81d-440d-8882-f1a4aeeb17b5                      30h            30h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-gvlkmpsxmbl6vpxl   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-41dff6a7-86fb-4dd5-b34c-484eb8b743d8                      19h            19h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-hdtb4bk452wnbv4d   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-98cf7e52-19f6-4732-9027-646b8179c455                      15h            15h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-kjn6m8tm6kbgw4bd   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d2202ff2-106b-45c6-815a-97522cd61c56                      27d            27d
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-l49xxk9q7vk8j7j7   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2c1ef03b-46ce-420d-8be8-9eb95efc18c6                      46m            47m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-m6w8d262j2ns8g8f   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3ad56c07-0f92-4b47-82fb-0a862fea1604                      34d            34d
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-mdhrklxfsxxrfz4q   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4cad8f43-428b-408a-b986-0446f09be757                      5h46m          5h46m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-mfbf7g5wjwnmlhlq   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-22e59d87-d4b2-49bc-af41-4755c7896314                      3h46m          3h46m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-mklqwbdvjwft56kd   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a132e143-d6a7-4a19-8245-ba81dbb03421                      106m           106m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-n49jdlrsjr5cjn4l   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0e908898-f690-458e-bf05-2fbb4fb76e73                      7d6h           7d6h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-p6mxswmh92wklntt   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1e4d0f1a-3087-4f15-9e76-8f91e5c5a0b3                      5d6h           5d6h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-p777krlbtbc5qpms   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f38b33e2-c6b2-45d1-a452-302ef2e36960                      9h             9h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-rsk2h8sg78dw54lh   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e621f5a7-c866-4493-9926-ae005c28bf74                      20d            20d
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-t6nvllv6pl7gkvl7   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-772c78ec-1a8f-4574-bfa2-ca9862997b88                      7h46m          7h47m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-t9vwx6mjqslmpkqw   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-188505a6-3b93-492b-81af-d3b28f170139                      166m           166m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-vqxxxsrlp85nv2rs   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ade6572a-c334-4290-9c2e-cb4b72e34006                      14h            14h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-wsw997vvvb2s95g2   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9103ec2f-9b8b-4c7b-9d60-6945eb91c91e                      3d6h           3d6h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-xlnvqhfbm2c2nv8s   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dabc57e6-9968-43e9-ad77-7136c3b17b3b                      6h46m          6h46m
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-xxzxv58k7zm6s6wf   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-155c0d6b-1c84-45b6-8fba-27bd410fbfaf                      8h             8h
home-automation   k10-csi-snap-zkk88jl77c9s7ht6   true         hassio-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f395b77d-c596-4e0f-92ce-e234bb8c6964                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-27njrjmjjm84wk5j   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-02ba3ec6-ce86-4dba-a562-a2200d63ca10                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-29zvgthdgmsdwtkw   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d02b0052-b22e-4436-b565-de6e9739956f                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-2fbd5kr95mk7gn42   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2da85b68-1451-47d5-b7cc-991f06ddb6d0                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-2kbqrwlbwh5j7zcm   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-996f2cab-f2da-4e59-87f0-1722263f5179                      6h45m          6h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-2t9m478jrrscpctq   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a62083b0-a812-4018-bfd6-ecb54779d825                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-2vvpgf8d6c7c4lrw   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0f971f5e-9571-4ca0-85c6-b6aa10a1f36f                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-2vzkt5tkzqfwf6rv   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-41a5df62-d51b-4496-abaf-a9f19817cc9e                      5h45m          5h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-2w6tqrrqffrxxhx4   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7d5c2f6c-f25b-4eb0-ab66-c7a90b3c7db0                      3h45m          3h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-469stnpdffx2tq2g   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-265db001-4d8d-4eea-92e5-613729aa1d96                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-48ffrz8vkfpw5jzl   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6213fee5-ae5f-41f3-939a-0a737c1feded                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-4bjm6dnlvr4m9jl9   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-53d2d7f6-cb49-436a-9cbb-aea606b25f9e                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-4cwwk8cvd4d4h789   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a0c57b69-815e-44b3-8f86-91cd8f6d1e7b                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-4f8fg7f9plgrkn4m   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e6688b6b-b4e0-4867-a531-e087f6025834                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-4g5l7bplfz6ntjdd   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3b3dea16-70cf-4f4d-afc9-ad1dacbde09a                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-4gjtkw27xztzlh28   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-42e9498c-61be-4848-b948-73fb367c20df                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-4gpdx62gv88dt4c6   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-68382d70-d039-4560-b16a-e3a875f6dfec                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-4h2gmfrrnfmd82sg   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8fa86edd-975a-4fdd-9364-99625a0b03de                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-4hm79qkwgwlhzfvz   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-735bcaf8-4714-4bde-8a5b-5bc532162e96                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-4ndmhjgfqxf6l547   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d75544de-b199-4eaa-bc91-f974bec9bc29                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-4pj74q46tbthrbxh   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6dd2081b-4215-4c06-8385-24d64879b06e                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-4qqjld6ktqb4dnvb   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8e49e7a0-7a97-44f9-b345-f39ca373f1b2                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-4shpf99d4htp5s22   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-44ca297a-0da1-4be3-bb32-b3379c390219                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-52jlfz4gv5xpphl2   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c67414e9-5a17-404a-a198-c2d7417696fd                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-578l4b2wtzzhcnv4   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-508d2c3f-08b1-4bce-a368-ef6e02ad57b6                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-57cmw25cwwdjmbfh   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-5e6be1e7-ecdd-4e54-a20a-da883474d455                      19h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-59ndk9xg76gzgrzl   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7a420550-43df-4437-ad17-9c14f5eae884                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-5c4mv889kvzc9bmd   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3a229f02-9cda-4721-aece-c983e5a7290a                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-5ghnkxpqghrq7m9c   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-2c3bd6d4-c5b8-48c1-bc15-a430ee17ec3c                      <invalid>      6h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-5hvh4b7vlp9blrnq   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-aa6c036e-f053-4f0d-af51-d726327b0f56                      3d19h          4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-5mq9fjw7jhsc8q6z   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bdac6a90-3f00-4a53-9c29-1fa602f80261                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-5n2l4fxsxl7lhq26   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-8f7653c6-b901-4379-8d33-bafc482d0aba                      <invalid>      47m
media             k10-csi-snap-5n6s5tnkbdjj7pcr   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d21fbea5-f1ad-4665-b7dd-b238bd07492b                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-5nx464spb46ccgps   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-00bd2c50-b4c2-4153-a904-cf4ac653578e                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-5pg57ffl4rn58zbm   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d514a5ca-1032-4bdd-97bf-5431feda9b37                      47m            47m
media             k10-csi-snap-5sfnv7kfq2749b7h   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cf399e20-26a2-4f88-a9e6-5446a3ea2652                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-5tcmsp5gdpsblwxs   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3400882e-c8c2-46dd-a8bc-aaf823b87175                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-5vqtt22m6sfjzwxm   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-256b74d3-91ab-4274-bce6-736c06f72a88                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-5xm8bsdf7zbgqfvb   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-539a96df-97ed-455e-a5d8-e16e4e63dbd6                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-5zk7pn7b9dzzbmkw   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-5ab5385c-0d44-4e8a-849e-cfa332f66a95                      11h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-625jq9fd7dgvbphw   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-90ed1d28-edde-458b-8da4-4cd11b69ddc9                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-62qqr8g4fbd2wcbm   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-50db3fad-114d-4d53-a6e9-77009b64fb1c                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-6589mwp446rnlf5d   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1760757a-39dd-4276-a6df-aa97e87ced51                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-6d6zwdg2nd6pvrjb   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7b1fc93c-f8fe-4882-b5b6-eb1173b90af6                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-6f67kkdjp529p27q   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-723f529c-e359-47b9-9891-93926c9aac62                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-6hfsln7nhx77zz4s   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3a011b80-9d70-4e44-87b0-211a64bfbebe                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-6hkdhswxdng5pfvr   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ebd29ffb-c850-4b64-b6e8-c8e35f1be2b5                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-6hqrl66xhtvs6qvz   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f479bb3f-ad60-45b6-8944-338520e470fd                      15h            15h
media             k10-csi-snap-6knclwkdhczzsv5n   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0a36fbf6-e05b-4e4c-8c08-b28f9ca83f98                      4h43m          4h43m
media             k10-csi-snap-6m7xk4bcp6nvxm84   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fd5eea25-2e45-455c-af45-845c7235b144                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-6q22j8q7rzknq6z4   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-89760d0a-4f48-4b70-a3d8-84efe3d9076a                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-6zqvlrkhzw7hlkfq   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6faff5e6-55d3-45fb-91b5-1760033c662e                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-6zsl7m7kdj4n8mv5   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6589a787-b407-42a8-9a90-eabfb7a3dc12                      3h45m          3h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-74h7xmv749mbclqh   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-3ffe14b7-2e76-4f2a-9419-6383ac636949                      2d19h          3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-78bmqb95sxggwpzw   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-66de38f4-8c21-4318-b9b0-5f120f1f2e4e                      <invalid>      9h
media             k10-csi-snap-7hfts6776kzdp98q   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-420013d6-5524-42ba-be18-a0c563617da2                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-7lpvxq2vnrnlrtqf   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-6cfd8e2a-ea03-48cf-8bb0-43abbc302086                      <invalid>      3h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-7ppm6v7fxjtkmpmg   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c945e6c7-bf2a-4452-826b-2807e9c7e164                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-7wjpxmhtrrgn49cp   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b655406a-0445-499b-8136-25f809668d4d                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-7xfrq2kc24cvzxkx   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0c926ca3-53a4-4fe3-88a3-c8f509fead3e                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-82jzn9tdjkfmnx5h   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-75ccb086-e83b-4104-8975-be8e5e72ca94                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-86npmbnnxn88h6g8   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-012aad97-e7ca-4b0a-b3d4-6459821e992f                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-878f46h5nt6kk96g   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4b41f421-397e-433a-ae05-bdc120cb33e7                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-8br4mz6q5fvvhhnp   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-8921456d-3c6d-4de5-b209-a717d7c72ef1                      9h             20h
media             k10-csi-snap-8fbxjs2r6lz72pxj   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-80b9b11c-afad-4644-8f0f-54798059d9ff                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-8fnsp4mp7w4qdmtz   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-43d0b990-94c1-4fa7-88be-1d2d6b3bdb82                      43m            43m
media             k10-csi-snap-8jh7tmdbc6xjblmx   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-7490bb15-161c-4da9-8e29-e387c4c77ec4                      <invalid>      5h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-8k9fmvv2x9j7fpsc   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fc7d18b5-5cb4-494d-8bee-46964ee132b7                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-8mgsgv6frcfn2xpw   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a4fa6bb5-44f0-4cb2-9a72-8a684e98ca0d                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-8qzj8td7rftkt67c   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-cc5b0721-ea5d-453f-be58-50d53f8f2f37                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-8rmv8k6gzs2g6ghx   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3f07c18c-ccfa-4a95-8f07-b69f592fe828                      3h45m          3h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-94tvw5cpfqfqkks2   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-366224d3-a6b6-4487-823b-4d1b89464642                      3h46m          3h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-97bvt9mzzwlttrtr   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7b771e12-ec68-46c7-8164-10142981cc0f                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-99bhw9hmdkhhcqp6   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-c2fa7eea-6a55-4a79-b2eb-b424f230d29b                      7h46m          18h
media             k10-csi-snap-9f9wm7nxph9s95ch   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-c35f21ee-e6b7-4ce0-8823-c74e3485a5f5                      43h            2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-9fj97xfwrz8zxwf2   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5ab752db-4d15-49f8-9934-5bea91ad11bf                      5h46m          5h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-9hgmdmt774k9k55f   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c2b8a58e-91d8-430b-a3f3-78b33d0d6846                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-9jwkzdhxfvgb9s6v   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2a3c5c73-c9b6-475e-aea1-57ecfb385300                      6h45m          6h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-9kdgg4ddf74ll9jf   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-f0be5234-288e-4853-8478-62bb362568eb                      5h46m          16h
media             k10-csi-snap-9kf8lg6ghc6sr7lh   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-51def01f-82f7-4b07-a824-9a10a2ec0f2b                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-9nj9wfkbqpnc8s5b   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bc3c53df-385a-49b4-820b-4c6f2e69bbe2                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-9q6g98r5j2z8zvv4   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-26b6edd4-8e56-4663-a774-7b65acfaeb6f                      4h44m          4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-9r9zd6nmsnwqs5x6   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-33844c3e-e5c4-433b-b331-485ce65d7f7c                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-9rmzg97wqfl8xvtp   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-26104278-c247-436c-a2f3-b4a43b90a9ec                      65d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-9sppkj5bzlsb5vx2   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3885c862-79f2-4b2d-9bc5-c4d39bdb521c                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-9vjv78ff58qv84dc   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a4705909-2154-4815-8ecc-2d13f38d613b                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-9wst6dksq7cdxfj9   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-87c9e679-3db6-4630-8340-10937989fd80                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-b52c47j487msmdhn   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-340ed550-b78a-4470-9375-d3055395381e                      105m           12h
media             k10-csi-snap-bh9jxg9wnw75gwgw   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-9138b55d-dcaa-41c6-97a6-7fbd2bd30f70                      <invalid>      7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-bhkt4ldlxq2l2nx2   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-68ce6db6-73bd-4e6b-91da-5bc929fba192                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-bj6k894sqlwbsbw6   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3cc03e9d-10d8-4320-8d30-e12e00cc7aa8                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-bmqrcqg28thdmtd5   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4de22008-5e16-4a9a-a828-e77c151f3ef6                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-brltp8954vs8t74p   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dde64235-d0df-48f7-ae6a-d1c23dfb32ff                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-bshkmrjtwv7xp9mc   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a6c6ae6b-8ebd-42a5-be78-b5c30ce1b97c                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-btf4rsk8lq2hhfjl   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-36385de0-29cf-4c78-9623-fdedd62089c7                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-bthxw4bnzgfhrnx8   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4fea2288-af84-42ca-9abb-c4486329a47f                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-btkrb6dfrshk5l95   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-214d51ba-b444-49ef-91e7-999a4b6daaa1                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-bx86bhxtf4vscgmv   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-99583f67-735b-4428-9a66-4cdd46102970                      15h            15h
media             k10-csi-snap-c7bvqbcpcl6pxzr5   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-863852ff-a8e4-459d-aae8-68ebba49ec60                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-ccshff7mzrlj7w9n   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-70d15665-b126-4084-8a1c-0ec632dad9f9                      19d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-cd29bbjrpjqcnrkb   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b5d7e157-c87c-448a-983c-6e2d9d734c6c                      5h45m          5h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-cdqbm926jn258hxr   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-94586dfc-a807-44b9-9737-5db64b8b668c                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-cfntzj2kqj9fzz2t   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-45a66902-0cf5-472f-b55a-433f52b36975                      4d19h          5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-ch8v6lkcpk5rx7xx   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5b95e590-5fe6-4615-b5da-d31b8bb57e14                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-cj474xzsbs94q49g   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-48bae1a4-ea56-412b-acb8-9a15efeec29f                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-cp94pkpcp7xwnmv9   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3ff12467-72af-4648-be5f-47ba543d8dce                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-crjzv7fz65xvzn4f   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-81101c6d-d030-4c80-8be2-df76a74a121a                      <invalid>      7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-crp845sgszpt4cvh   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-708cad0c-90f1-4bba-a7c5-e4fedff65e24                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-csdfnqnhll49mn7v   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fc217577-9502-4569-976b-1b4f22e675ba                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-cw5dcdp2m6jmhw2j   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-56b141f7-6c49-4f86-8685-0af32a3bf82b                      8h             19h
media             k10-csi-snap-cw67q9ct9vw8m2ql   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a582e930-805e-4b9f-9b6d-a08aed2ad501                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-czg5nd2nnnbqm2gd   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2b5e9fed-5d56-4a9e-87fc-3bbdeaabbc8d                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-d295xh9k2cv5h5b8   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c3e43b98-804b-4ce3-92ae-c80ac11ff6ff                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-d5dt4rgwrnr2vff2   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-12c2303f-0620-4e66-9255-82aa4193acd0                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-d652hbqcv82cxc5z   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4b919997-8537-4fee-8d38-804a240ee717                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-d6np9692rpnpcggn   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c27ff95e-8090-4eb7-b938-8d0f14ce8619                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-d6s9xspk8nvm8dwp   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-65dad69b-9080-460b-8afa-fee437b9807a                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-d895x9vkc4rcdpdp   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-da4beedc-458f-4bb6-873e-9c0227e6c4e8                      15h            15h
media             k10-csi-snap-dctwdghbl5l2qmkc   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1acd39e4-d725-4780-ae01-c716de56612e                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-dfqvzzkn4ztrmw9r   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a636193f-9182-41b1-aad4-5aa5e28947ab                      65d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-dgvnldsr2qpcwg6d   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c4770b9b-8161-4ac5-8dc5-1b6c3b474882                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-dh2zmrcrw7t9r6kv   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d70c2156-5b4c-4145-8c44-7047b2a647bf                      4h43m          4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-djlxq76rgsw5hqcg   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-00e52a26-f5ce-42aa-a0d8-a4faa14a8f92                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-dm6tp8grmjp7q59b   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3d626571-e477-4843-af1f-1849898b558c                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-dq9bnfpb5zz89kdq   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-eeac0b1b-1b3d-4658-aa33-b93345224d02                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-dztd56h76lfsxcdt   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bf77bbdf-3e64-4b21-a2a9-f9d1153bea23                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-f2v79gzj2h7fr8dg   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-f5e3d82e-93b0-4e80-9376-b82aab88f5dc                      4d19h          5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-f4l7h5cktgqhcqdq   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f206d848-d462-4d59-9b0a-b6f7e177b5e3                      43m            43m
media             k10-csi-snap-f95nl64hfdjv5gpp   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e7afd3b4-a267-4e63-969c-fc4a297fd2b0                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-f96zl42bl7hqq7xk   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0bc168a9-f50b-4eb9-a04e-b479218c790c                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-f9zmjhsxf27g4wtl   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0db8cb90-dedc-4682-8871-2a0c932b5726                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-fbnwlsk469pnfc78   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4ee1509c-0698-4990-a40e-6f0233eef1dc                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-fcbz98vd9gcwphpp   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6146a48a-c03a-49b4-b1b0-60a85f814093                      6h45m          6h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-fdcf2b4r27xgvdmq   true         qbittorrent-share                                                                                                                                      250Gi         ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-5fd7feca-ae0b-4fd5-9d19-3c22ba67a219                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-fkxcxcdsdhk6dwxb   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8a856e19-5f8f-4e12-a3e0-f6ff2ac94b1b                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-fmln5n54jrvbb94t   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d47da346-2a26-4d9c-9a7c-afc46015aeb5                      15h            15h
media             k10-csi-snap-fnnsnvtv9xrjsk52   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-28930cc6-8eb2-470b-b839-6260b2bc7a8e                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-fnvfzwzs57qlmxwx   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4772b202-e093-4315-90f0-8a048e13f18c                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-fpqvrwx2hjwqg5t7   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9e485b0c-49d7-4c60-8afa-6c968b79fcd6                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-fq9chb8p7r2w25s4   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-98c942ab-c8fe-45c0-810c-679999e34997                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-frcts47cx7jn2bgm   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-85fa9b05-2dc8-4d47-9e8f-60aef4c84fec                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-fsmj2grhxbvcb6pb   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-61eb4fae-2a64-4989-8ca2-8ff967ada3a4                      <invalid>      3h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-fsw4jkkrd4b4z4p4   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-76d9fb28-57fe-4d36-b723-4851c2cf0eba                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-fvcd68fkgr9cjkkl   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-08f76d2e-9493-4408-b700-6ba1de90a135                      65d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-fxbbwk9r94dzct59   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5d565109-fbda-4a72-9a73-bcea57e6cb2d                      6h45m          6h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-fzsm8xjbrtmwthhm   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-b019afa7-e0d1-42f3-9288-535d1e046def                      <invalid>      6h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-g2l668r472n5jx8f   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-864bd4b0-8b8b-4cc6-8913-067a151ac837                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-g2vq2crf5ctjwmgd   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ab7998c0-f5db-474f-bb87-83fc0a19bef4                      15h            15h
media             k10-csi-snap-g7phzz7q4cl22tn5   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5aaa560a-428e-4df2-8167-4e6f46cc8ad8                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-g855v5qs87vdl2gt   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d010dced-b912-418d-abff-89aa59c3bfae                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-g9h728w9lrvw26ct   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a0143b87-fe6f-4f05-9a7f-87a686abf8d3                      3h46m          3h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-glc8stx5qpvk57sd   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-5086f807-f39c-4d30-b3ea-d5aea6516c3b                      <invalid>      5h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-gmdmw7nvsncff6kh   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7fe08caa-a5e3-4f5c-9245-ea6e75d91f0c                      46m            47m
media             k10-csi-snap-gt8t5qgxppjtkr92   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-eb85dff9-3258-41db-927b-906a232c261f                      6d19h          7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-h22tdg9s76fln2z2   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ae65647e-7135-4730-8282-f769bd2977af                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-h6xdrkd9lffqn5mm   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-33dc86a3-8586-412f-b1d5-c965f583e490                      <invalid>      106m
media             k10-csi-snap-h7xsgb5xjmsdcqlt   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-c1d75424-01ff-4b53-aa12-8fd848637206                      8h             19h
media             k10-csi-snap-h8dk8m9ndcx7rj5b   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-90c717e1-70e0-4965-813d-38316d546658                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-h8f557mkcbqrqfkr   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ee4bcc6a-11a3-46c5-93de-d24aac3c9d83                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-h8k8tdm5klkx5gh7   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-f3f5c5ee-77b2-4c5a-9960-022c8e367bf8                      166m           13h
media             k10-csi-snap-h9246tnfvvstb42x   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b2dc3e72-c216-41fb-823d-df6a5dbbfc50                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-hpxnpxxs49nhgx5s   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-378f9f33-3d2b-45c9-b51d-0ddbf8deba29                      15h            15h
media             k10-csi-snap-hqnz2kzpcccxqdtc   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f3ff5796-a33e-48b7-91d3-25a8e28398c7                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-hqt8s2cqhqc7nq8n   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-60d3356b-aff1-49ba-b65f-121f4a2240cd                      6h45m          6h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-htfpmj8nnkj8cnnm   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-7e4c1c9b-da62-404d-8f25-eb1d23ee4673                      4h46m          15h
media             k10-csi-snap-hvl4qnplf69458qq   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-084bdc98-dddb-4c8a-a057-7ff5e2020c33                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-hx4qvpqzzqkm4h5q   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-50a5fd4f-5c44-4997-8521-ee924e0b0053                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-hxkbfs6wq2m85ddw   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7d3fba4c-02a9-4149-b64e-218f95207437                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-hxtjvnz6g79zkmsk   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-fca41b32-e9a0-4b62-9222-bf63c2695c78                      <invalid>      8h
media             k10-csi-snap-j5f6bthkxljhx4tq   true         qbittorrent-cache                                                                                                                                      250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1f2fc028-d2ed-441e-8021-5d218a46cdc9                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-j5n7d4xv5hn95sl8   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5d1c1a9e-e907-49ca-bf9d-321042de8f08                      4h44m          4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-j6m5wlf4828hn64p   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ec6b713a-3add-490c-ae10-cba20343a422                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-j7qb8cpk49p7b6g4   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-715ffe29-2abe-40b7-b89e-9cbd974faa0a                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-j876cxzclpj4x8f5   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-be60f497-c222-4f79-8d4a-565e62de4268                      166m           13h
media             k10-csi-snap-j8brfdp9jx7b5wwv   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c02cec52-01b1-46d7-b02c-e7ab1906c9ce                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-jd27hvxkrwml9s6r   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-19999d27-8993-4f9f-9e1d-52093dc2535b                      6h46m          17h
media             k10-csi-snap-jhbmzmztjgd5zf5h   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b8fb4fe1-b672-42a4-b018-aa6959696f7a                      4h44m          4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-jlw7kvg9n7sll2nw   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-77dd3fd1-66e7-4aab-8311-41bc47585e9a                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-jnwdc7st276dcdl4   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4eca33aa-2a4e-4eee-8929-ca08348567db                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-jpb74hzq7kql5s6n   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0e51532e-3cef-4ce2-b888-aaf5038c1ee5                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-jq7xmdgp6777kcbs   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e5daf8b3-f244-4c7f-a4fc-33c501ba3e7e                      15h            15h
media             k10-csi-snap-jqcsmlr9ssbr5tlq   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ed9f3e5d-5f77-4dd6-807e-4a6038407857                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-jqjmddj9tw92dcmj   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-281ad8bd-ecf7-45f5-b014-368965daae0c                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-jrbk6qtvgkrwv2hn   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-ba365373-0b01-4abe-bc0b-73c90ac5326b                      <invalid>      4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-jwhh7446qhc6dlbh   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d542c3c7-208e-41d5-bde0-ef4ad09a7b7c                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-jx2hngb9xms79g5d   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8cb0b2b8-ec58-4733-881d-e51bd7f5e01f                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-jxd6wjh9rzf4gw6s   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-30703df7-c9b5-40d8-811b-8d5b8da1e884                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-jzw6gtt2fg4xjnzr   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a0fef051-e918-47f3-b063-65395316cde9                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-k2bd49s7r8d4v5fs   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-89c6c6ae-e2b8-4a8a-aa67-d85bd8a165fa                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-k2hnwb592fsn64n4   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5ad1a2ea-ae57-4a4a-bd7b-1e7e1d263058                      5h46m          5h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-k4bdbvg2bnwc9pgj   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-033de2f5-ee67-4c7d-a12c-6f046e6d9c90                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-k4v8zfqw27t8bjjz   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-35f7bfad-5478-4420-b9a3-48ef420e465b                      105m           12h
media             k10-csi-snap-k564c6l6rhncjmcg   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-93ced925-fc97-4e72-af85-8e29341f4766                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-k7z8rp777vv4mp2n   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-65ec0885-7919-4ee9-9689-66f100fb896f                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-k9g9ntcws9scsptp   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a7ed8cf5-56f9-4456-a80f-d412e87ab3c0                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-k9pftlw5mfgwrdf7   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d72025bf-c24f-41ba-bc18-1055697554fc                      47m            47m
media             k10-csi-snap-k9zwq2rmbsfwlcxv   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a5301761-317f-438a-bb17-fbd702865fca                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-khtbx8lr2b4rcmf4   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dd020d18-51b7-4ba5-b6bb-fbbe4ea26269                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-kmf8f4964cvdxn5s   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8ff8bbd6-9ae8-4ec7-8063-b1fab4839c26                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-kpsl8ngmv5gnvxfc   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4a6ecc70-4ff0-4ac1-b656-68aade7b9021                      65d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-kq7q77b6mdcqhh8n   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-8abc50ab-7283-4c1e-955d-8028df4727cc                      <invalid>      4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-kshw285dxcn2kdkt   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-90a1941e-2afc-4f6b-85d4-f780b9390a1b                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-l27dl82g7wdvlb9d   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6c4c3058-18e3-43fe-ae4a-0e8c738257af                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-l5t5ngf4cjqzh8c7   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-4031c10c-a29a-437c-9c4f-9fcb0c7a4217                      11h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-l64hqb5z5zkm5wdr   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7e81a950-43ce-4f7a-a430-ea22c837f823                      43m            43m
media             k10-csi-snap-lf4jf4r7qt599bjn   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6bd67000-61e0-4761-baa5-375b5ed5264c                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-lftgtc9k4qx4h6kc   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-35a21a7c-bd63-4bf2-b300-95f8a9ce0099                      12h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-lgddrs8hsh4bcpm9   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-53b4f736-0c13-4674-8095-20e296771157                      4h46m          15h
media             k10-csi-snap-lgdlbc4rm5dvh4t5   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0226b502-a17e-40b0-9a1f-8afd88a99342                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-ljlfrmh4tw5qrzrx   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-820aad93-2e69-4e4d-bd17-310a4c027163                      3d19h          4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-lkktb76cpttbmcn2   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-903582cd-9dfe-4f10-9a81-9312d02d2fc5                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-ll6cxm6qhtxt7pct   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-96821741-a197-4042-b874-1b98e84308b1                      11h            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-ll6v4wgt2rj4f8h2   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1d996954-a162-4028-825f-1589e5e6a88d                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-lls4jh64gwv54pnd   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-2795514d-6ca7-44bc-acec-2d4adc1feb6a                      9h             20h
media             k10-csi-snap-lm9564scbrthr45q   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0ba1ae98-3f53-4a2b-9ade-9dea0851f5b6                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-lpt6hm84bxc77gvd   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c0b8c71f-20f1-49d1-bb34-00e8438fe1db                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-lqmspnvn6vbwwmf9   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-08276886-2347-4b21-b1fe-04b5f64adf0e                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-lrp52qfr2qx44ld5   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4113699b-e6db-4e75-a3d7-2eccc682c657                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-lrwkg6dwctqtdtvn   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1f4eec1b-6376-45c8-9b2d-0d09e0dd1bfb                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-lslnqtxn5f9znn9b   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d690deed-1d73-4eee-a57f-2d86de58571f                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-lvkwwn2gb7dvmzxr   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9227e355-d6fc-46a2-8724-d0880ee1bc2d                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-lz2fks97ddmh8f2c   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1343fada-9d4c-4b25-b977-81a3954b7972                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-lzbqfnljq58qfd8f   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c68400c4-8e9e-4c90-8b19-bbe82bf3c8d1                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-lzvhmpg7qpcx8k9l   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-ca12702f-50b4-45ae-9495-44f57fbb2cc8                      10h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-m76n2wgbhdwp5ffk   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1cfdc249-db1b-4314-aaa0-67a5145cca9f                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-m77tfxx8qsn8lcw8   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-402f25ca-1a0a-476e-a01c-e8a957a4f5a3                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-mblxj6dx4qqx2pkj   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bf9680f7-76bc-4aaa-8251-b367b3f740c2                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-mbtp85dlqx25p9vd   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-32642d36-5a0a-41f4-a45c-0d3f2cb6509d                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-mc8m26wrd4fc67l6   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6075b2b6-1883-49ea-a604-3f561a6ac11a                      4h43m          4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-mcrh84h829vs29vn   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-93ba2193-ca54-4254-8dc7-9430e7597108                      6d19h          7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-md7crxxktgcvlmc9   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-118a3d50-e661-4d7f-99ad-dfcad344086a                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-mjtjmgdv7rvm44km   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-12b1ae15-cb4a-40ca-8500-426b5310423c                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-mlrf27bxjcwz78fc   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-026b94ce-f4fb-47ac-9f2f-dca6f1d138fc                      4h43m          4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-mlv8d2sb994pdpfp   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-1cab019e-9b2f-459f-81c6-0cf24fbd29c4                      64d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-mppmjpp2gpvqh9dk   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-64c48c31-a2e1-4ff4-a052-88c41f459fac                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-ms7p7wwssrvggngf   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a3e19daf-9e02-4c1b-af9e-03f650c7d767                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-mvnts2k5r9r828pm   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-123c07aa-57e7-467b-be01-64262dc14abc                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-mzzfdxjjr5l2vnzf   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6f5f05a7-1420-4336-9a76-4dc931dcea29                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-n4vj9qglfzt7ktcr   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-3a798cc6-9105-4595-b457-1e94093d0e14                      26d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-n5dwf9qjjqw2tklr   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-efe2f3f1-81df-4651-95e7-eb51aa17c3dd                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-n9tk5vzs45xwkx4l   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-acd51ae9-e1bb-4615-bc62-fb27642fcb74                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-nd9qvwtvt9v7t25c   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b46e7f74-ba78-46bc-b555-8165bad01d0a                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-nfw56m5swnp968qb   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-56808661-6561-4b21-af9c-242176ec3d40                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-nhm27h6x4vdz9zxt   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5648aa9c-a596-46ad-a11c-21ae43f4ca03                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-nltb6ltj68kxz7sq   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-b5090d56-309b-4130-90e7-5b2e336b945a                      12d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-nqfjrvp5q9r92jz6   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f61f4137-7e49-4eca-a649-dd971af66b46                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-nw9mbkbgcwdhrhdb   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2772c2b7-49fe-4eb0-b526-71631aec88dc                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-nxlzw7865f6wptnz   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-05501e4d-4fa9-494e-ac6c-895dea1e7b54                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-nxm9dcxjbwgrwgdq   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-05c1ab73-c0f5-474b-9380-497ce28670bb                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-nxpwwdghsf7nhdwv   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f1be1be0-0017-4175-951f-8a0cfc70fad4                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-p5vvbnfndt7wtchm   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-88d978d7-bec2-4967-ac14-908dbd7dbf13                      5h46m          5h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-p7cz9pmp2g7swvpj   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-253ec861-afca-4063-b148-23c9a76d59b4                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-pbsgkl2gwsw67cb5   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-907e8383-003e-4249-8c83-2b213bced6e5                      5h46m          5h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-pc7pklrmvpsdw4fw   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-69968579-b7ef-4732-931c-50b6be297662                      21h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-pfwxzvwrg47jd4ls   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-7bc214fb-c189-40fc-ba90-a028a234ec31                      33d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-php888grrvwzxdvq   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-95c0b8ca-8cb3-4fed-966b-7cceca891927                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-pjbdvwhx696j69qv   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-44952c3b-3278-4d2c-bbe9-e83a1730bd69                      <invalid>      166m
media             k10-csi-snap-pkdrbmn48tn2vgvk   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-a8f11df7-d3f7-4383-a136-aafa8df3b8ec                      5d19h          6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-plgqlzddlv74wlfs   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a35c2119-5d97-4ad6-bfa2-050e2de080e8                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-pm2wlkmh9wwxhdpt   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-912f6b0b-66ba-48d0-8b2b-190f47573d8d                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-pnz7qhj622nckhcb   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-386a166e-a228-47b5-abf9-e48232e9a7e8                      19h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-pqc8zvwg2zscfkqn   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a23ed7e6-5ff9-4e0e-bffb-782c89382dd8                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-prbn64h6sbtcj2qr   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fb274b8a-a668-4277-be7c-bfcec374dc2b                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-psbv8wf9ccklksdj   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c3aa7b83-9cdb-4c17-8652-f593507748f9                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-psgc4t2s6f4xbd57   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5b8b618b-3d71-468b-b3ac-8f53325d5926                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-ptbwm7gncjz2q4d7   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-0f19b65d-5307-44a1-86ec-1f0dd3ce669c                      43h            2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-pz5gtl52vjx8v6dv   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-32e6ce6b-e96d-410e-9a9f-de84ac2e9a52                      6h45m          6h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-q9526wm7tdk9fxd4   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dcbeeb5d-7233-4d1b-8851-aa40bab01682                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-qdgp7zfqps86xfjm   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-9a87fbbc-f77c-4aa4-9837-7eb29f8c7c5c                      <invalid>      10h
media             k10-csi-snap-qjlqnjqxjpzjxsqn   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9a625782-014d-4386-8ad3-ee5abdbd8b4c                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-ql76ljhs55dgxt4q   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-afe4cac5-1a6d-4d71-80d3-88469686bfa6                      10h            21h
media             k10-csi-snap-ql97xjxsp7gk5tvc   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3c34be02-c3eb-45db-bd0f-28927799ec08                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-qm88jf5jqkkbzwjq   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-4c9657c9-ead6-4889-a1f1-ca56d9247292                      45m            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-qmcn68nk55lxz6pl   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-34c3ab9e-5faf-4c26-b412-f709c01da1ef                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-qpgkts2vz9m2g258   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3bab7c40-7832-41da-b828-9c464b3b639d                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-qs78dcvfnr9q6wkw   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f5b69a19-4de3-456e-ac5a-040be3cf3348                      6h45m          6h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-qw76v58j99wbvgsp   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f4c600c5-03c3-4a3c-9bd0-3448dd678b71                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-qwd8dc9g5btpqcsc   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8ebd24a0-55b0-4cea-9bae-f87c08b71d93                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-qxnnklctwhdlhdw4   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-556fd0ed-af06-4673-981f-139f90e9200a                      3h46m          14h
media             k10-csi-snap-r2lj4rrh26wtfkk6   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d990be59-fcf1-42ea-8882-d3dea5904551                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-r45f85r2t858d2wg   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-aebb2e3a-fd70-48c3-88b7-e1f199bae57d                      45m            11h
media             k10-csi-snap-r4cmnd8dpfxkt6dk   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9b869ec6-e3c1-4060-a21a-5bd09ae82c1b                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-rcc4bvsns6m4pqwl   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-80c24808-7d16-4d8a-9861-2517a4268b4d                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-rcnxvrw72pn4gxks   true         jellyfin-cache                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a0005c74-7710-42db-af93-c2a4cfea4abd                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-rcp7ldt6rzlscd85   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-82a1c766-1cc0-46c7-b96d-9a7af26508fb                      <invalid>      47m
media             k10-csi-snap-rgfhfxgdpj27wjpc   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fca7ffd9-a1c3-44c3-b825-fc0e6d8430d7                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-rjjtw2r9htcsbjsv   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f6dd3a0e-f5d8-4ab1-9b16-c110037f1111                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-rlb2cgnw5rccg4kd   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-68dc63b7-b354-4bfd-85f4-8c61c34351cd                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-rlkgzlkblrvg8fnf   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2363fb91-2893-45ec-aa0a-049344f528e4                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-rnvtkp2hb26gvstc   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cc50638d-7777-4057-bb79-f37312ac3678                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-rpbwkt2hs2747xns   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d887a375-5a2e-4081-b091-3a93832a78ee                      16h            16h
media             k10-csi-snap-rx9k6qnhn6hkm84l   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-cf7ec3ce-923e-494b-87be-5c3c4ca1dbd5                      <invalid>      166m
media             k10-csi-snap-s7hnk6d7c6vwnvg9   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4b6969db-b7f9-477d-89e5-06cc37a79e27                      27d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-s7rhr7m4h5rp5fqk   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4ed85e3a-0282-46a7-a78d-7006ffdf0768                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-s7xhhnrgrxs2c8fb   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-6154eeed-bef5-4aaf-9714-dd3f1b2c5a9e                      19d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-scn9gxvg7vmdszjm   true         jellyfin-transcodes                                                                                                                                    50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fb51de22-4464-426f-bbb1-26febc649bc1                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-sdll5bdfdlzj2v74   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a7713ad3-9cb4-4ec0-91c8-6c7c1d963023                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-sh7jkx8vg6pbc8nf   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-328dccbe-9d16-4619-83ac-131d36cb1a0f                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-sk6zjtjs78qj6js7   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-adc990d2-09d0-49d5-9782-d136df3f204b                      3h46m          3h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-sn8fq2bwbzmz8lww   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-1fa13847-b365-4194-8ac9-f271c905a589                      7h46m          18h
media             k10-csi-snap-snq2hnvmdr64k5qw   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-97ee6a5e-6303-4e63-a36e-fbeb71df6a1b                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-spfrfwqbd82nvdtz   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ab272d4c-6d1e-421b-8a3e-9271b2f19226                      47m            47m
media             k10-csi-snap-srhsbdwlq4hgwrxc   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f8e26d5a-8514-4b6c-8e09-81a060945a3e                      6h45m          6h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-stkrnh86mx4c8vlb   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bd820436-9fda-45d8-866b-1f9321685c9e                      3h45m          3h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-stqxltxn77wt2kcs   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-58f24bb0-c2f0-494a-ae35-7f1a79a280d8                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-stsxcfj7rrxh4gjw   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f406374a-e517-4c37-b873-aa56a33c51f1                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-sw42vr72j7wqkbnw   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-02d58b32-b50d-411e-a10e-31d940196571                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-sz2nn82rhtkkzsn4   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-cc74bd8f-046f-43be-b339-d24625bdf8fc                      <invalid>      10h
media             k10-csi-snap-t2slnfj5s488tc26   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-85da827b-0802-4ab5-b0ed-f9bfe9127cd2                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-t5jw8jzx5vz667z6   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1d025492-5228-4a28-8426-4972e803bbf7                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-t77jtpqv94hcqwmm   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-163d704c-c956-41aa-a425-c76350c4ddc2                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-t9l5plmhbh5wlz6b   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-c6643d74-3f06-49d9-8ab5-c847cf0b90c8                      <invalid>      8h
media             k10-csi-snap-t9vcd8mxtqvctc2l   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-de26c353-eaeb-4b4f-9257-fe35c49a03de                      12h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-tb5wb5kz8nc45kkn   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b107dcee-6666-42f0-955d-c86c87c55cc7                      12h            12h
media             k10-csi-snap-tb6wl944tldp6vpz   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-851009f3-18ec-46cb-834b-705bd517e85e                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-tbv7jws8hl5gkjdb   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e014ac9a-277a-4717-bcc1-4bf7c1652ba1                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-tdqcz9wfpcjcltx5   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-d237d412-16d9-45c7-8ab5-ec7e1285b5b1                      26d            27d
media             k10-csi-snap-thk46tj2jf86xvsp   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dc50c026-6380-4e82-848d-d4e585fc3880                      3h45m          3h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-tj4p87x9bz46f2hp   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-518ce555-931a-4ce7-9efa-3b36618b8644                      6h46m          17h
media             k10-csi-snap-tnltpsx5jtmvwl7j   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-48ab3d2a-0d8f-4d8f-846a-a0179856de07                      6d6h           6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-tpxlw7gkwzs7fwr8   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8cec2049-a5a8-4ee9-9ef0-1ef2a4bec265                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-trvww5w5vsrwswkn   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-f4a625fd-d259-4345-83d4-85578e5b9b73                      <invalid>      9h
media             k10-csi-snap-tvqpt4xh8lgpnhh4   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-751f472f-6fba-4da8-8f5b-d25529d1f42d                      13h            13h
media             k10-csi-snap-tw8598gbpwmczcvj   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ca0538f5-adcb-49a2-b799-e0dc48c68fb9                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-txb5wb4g5z8dp94b   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c044f71d-be03-43fe-9ed1-e9b8d5f9ca18                      7h46m          7h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-tzhpg7drrx5cj8gj   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e943fcc9-2cc8-4df3-8592-8d9ab76084b6                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-v495qxl6fn798g92   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-886ad085-e2fe-4e59-a722-51c596bfb25a                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-v7vwcggsgsph4bfs   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b5cbd917-1747-4fed-b741-e40883778a29                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-v8sv9hzmmlxxtpnv   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e96a4c18-e6f4-42c6-890d-7ea46a08f60b                      13d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-vdhszhc5vwwr8t7m   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ff6ceb27-fa02-4d81-a33d-cc760430c856                      4h43m          4h44m
media             k10-csi-snap-vdqgwxbv58bwwrjp   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-01fd8d97-5bf5-4b8b-8b74-2ece424b5ce8                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-vfdht4gt75ckjk22   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-95d2cc09-a5ee-4592-a055-89ca205464dd                      65d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-vgk55khhqvtgdxvq   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-bb54f54a-6904-4ae0-88a3-e786fb2e9f7f                      12d            13d
media             k10-csi-snap-vrqc6r6ps4vzwgbt   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-69bb2179-3092-4855-b414-f03f5fdd1d14                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-vrrwctzrt68cbscs   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-02e3f2cc-f444-4b76-91e8-ad66f758b95c                      90d            90d
media             k10-csi-snap-vs42wkv7x4nggkzn   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b50a7fe5-7297-4cc8-9f3d-06fa6ef6c4d2                      18h            18h
media             k10-csi-snap-vskhdbn2dxz85f5m   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6981ebb3-753b-4d5c-9684-68863aee42f0                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-vstttfjf6888s8pr   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-37794990-e98c-4183-acfe-9652b032f815                      106m           106m
media             k10-csi-snap-vvv58qrwsvj258t7   true         sonarr-backups                                                                                                                                         10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-22c01337-e7e0-419e-9441-3a786dfddc8a                      3h46m          14h
media             k10-csi-snap-vzbpcx7745nmnc2f   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1c906dde-be6d-4f5c-abe5-985cc0566cb6                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-w42bdqxl82ppkzfl   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e6f67da8-ae7e-4dc7-8ce8-c93d35b31408                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-w78d75mgghppqfxm   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-73eb67fa-5d77-41ea-9804-54cdbd4199b3                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-w7l7jd7wwzqkckz9   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0ac16677-ca04-427b-b66d-0ac1eb7ae911                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-w99zdgggtqpmc7ls   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-39b2b9ca-0c5f-4b67-988f-ae84f9a81898                      <invalid>      106m
media             k10-csi-snap-wc869frxcplgl266   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c5a307c8-9a5a-4e1c-887d-9eb75ffb24f9                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-wdv9bnhpdsbv48sv   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-632b2079-90e6-4dff-863d-01005900f21f                      5h46m          5h46m
media             k10-csi-snap-wgq9svjmmlwn9rmv   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0f399c72-f4b0-421f-acfd-e02399eea9ad                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-wllgvwjjg72tcw5t   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9778dc02-6469-44c9-8f18-19f6017d430b                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-wvmrgnrcrggc55bm   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8fabf1b3-4375-4f2d-a002-17b1006ccc90                      8h             8h
media             k10-csi-snap-x4gdg7hw7f7jt29q   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c2112fdd-95e9-451b-8010-ba33015ce5da                      9h             9h
media             k10-csi-snap-x9448zf7wbg44rrq   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d64c0bd7-4f66-4a22-8805-a5a20ac3e7f8                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-xb8fxsgjctndcsz9   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f8cf1ee6-d341-43f9-a855-cf64bda08ff8                      5h45m          5h45m
media             k10-csi-snap-xbqv2kzwhcjbkjw5   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-de78a3dc-7df8-4978-9782-1db4c82e93a3                      20d            20d
media             k10-csi-snap-xccvmhlc64w7mbgz   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-12b402a0-a13e-408b-b2e4-61152dfad762                      4d6h           4d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-xdqh7gj6xpjjx2d9   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-edd38d2e-27be-46e0-b5e7-cc0dcad52b52                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-xhh78fskvx9fk6s5   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1f5c8e33-71fe-41db-b924-0479e4ab8777                      10h            10h
media             k10-csi-snap-xj66scwc2f6zpkbl   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-951675e1-7826-4887-aebc-f6a899629549                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-xjz2jjdrgssqq49g   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9e9a98d5-88fe-4588-aec0-8ab27d5b56d9                      2d6h           2d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-xkkvqnvqvj58xrv9   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1d9e88c2-4864-461d-8f51-352068c47df5                      14h            14h
media             k10-csi-snap-xm7bbnmbd2nslbr4   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d7a795b7-e3a9-4b86-b07b-a7edcfc1cdf6                      65d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-xmfnmczvxqrvgfhn   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-70669452-5b84-4daa-b98c-a3dc9423220b                      30h            30h
media             k10-csi-snap-xp9d8gfr87zmcd7n   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6520b432-52a5-4da0-aa45-8920f289a97a                      23h            23h
media             k10-csi-snap-xt57tjhk5tvccfzz   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-a21def11-c0e2-4da2-8e65-e534046ebd56                      33d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-xtw5mzzmw8dp8kzs   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-1d147b52-c837-4d48-876d-4e31dad0d5c6                      5h46m          16h
media             k10-csi-snap-xz6dnhr8hk2wqr48   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1234e82b-b593-4d25-972e-229a54b00e6c                      46m            47m
media             k10-csi-snap-z2ttdjvrhwkgvkdf   true         ombi-config                                                                                                                                            10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6e075f61-319b-4fc9-a83d-73d279f72976                      19h            19h
media             k10-csi-snap-z5f5449rpnvwhp4j   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-363410d5-f63b-4145-973b-02931e467b0e                      17h            17h
media             k10-csi-snap-z9h95fktc2wbdbp7   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-8b30f144-4301-4c00-a32d-366873a84644                      2d19h          3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-z9hztf55rq4w4p5n   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-69a89498-a195-491c-b20d-4efe632718ea                      166m           166m
media             k10-csi-snap-z9vwthjchzcwrnbr   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-12738202-4cef-42a1-9a69-b841399f126f                      34d            34d
media             k10-csi-snap-zfm8wrbkwv66wdwz   true         radarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1d8e3898-b93a-4372-aee6-e59fc61d4a27                      5d6h           5d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-zgdb4nqcc6xd5jbb   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dd17a51c-3750-4ed5-9131-8998c2042295                      20h            20h
media             k10-csi-snap-zk67sqqsbhq6zbp2   true         prowlarr-config                                                                                                                                        1Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-60202db9-9981-4ca1-a902-e0c9a9f6ad3a                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-zknn2txlrsbn7r5c   true         readarr-config                                                                                                                                         5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-df89f176-d66c-49b8-99ab-966a75f3777e                      3d6h           3d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-zmzfx5vfxwrzd6n4   true         jellyfin-config                                                                                                                                        10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-abdefd8c-f8ec-4a7c-95ba-1837f80c1e25                      22h            22h
media             k10-csi-snap-znx44xdtpg7cmthm   true         bazarr-config                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2831c3e2-52ff-49f4-8b93-474fb5446afa                      7d6h           7d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-zpvp5dtddnlrjqfl   true         calibre-books                                                                                                                                          10Gi          ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-b5e6c93f-ce93-445d-babe-b53ad7b57db4                      5d19h          6d6h
media             k10-csi-snap-zrnhnqb8hh6q9bt6   true         qbittorrent-config                                                                                                                                     250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6b5e3045-fbfa-4835-820f-dbdfa1207a74                      65d            65d
media             k10-csi-snap-zzxnvm2bpgngjvnf   true         sonarr-config                                                                                                                                          5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-286ed0fa-684e-44dc-b7b9-26b57fc7397d                      15h            15h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-26ggf2xslljbtjjr   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ac25a0ce-4ef3-4a3b-8876-abbce689ce21                      22h            22h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-2kksg72lhlrswrd9   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6c8f69ee-74df-44ad-aeeb-3a313c21bbd9                      14h            14h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-2qjr4grnsh9bdxg7   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-753da1dd-e65b-46b9-ae1f-4d7edfe681be                      16h            16h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-2xpvljxjplnk2tgb   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5e5a9ef6-e5f8-4c8d-9141-7ab5f3b1f967                      3d6h           3d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-4smdnkw2l7xwjq8x   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5d383135-d3b6-48e2-a07a-0b5d123450f1                      5d6h           5d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-4vxcn6xcppqzbrd8   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b0b5958c-b9ba-445f-be98-8006260eb2a2                      7h46m          7h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-57nxwd78gc8k7jgn   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9e8830aa-fde2-4fec-b5af-1eff9d1e4eba                      5d6h           5d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-5b84h9lgf7q5cg6g   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c0d1acf2-882c-42b8-9e6b-f6c42374e430                      9h             9h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-5ktvkxm4cv4lbq7l   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cc12c60c-5596-4aae-a025-9d4015cf0292                      10h            10h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-5tq4xwchnsdwqd5w   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-be6998b2-bc10-4cfc-8cd5-ee7860b71581                      46m            46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-5xvnfwnff992bntd   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bcb2c8f9-d593-42f0-9d2c-841315233483                      7d6h           7d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-5zvcdcc47j2zrqw9   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cfab5df4-afb4-43a0-885d-baa4a2d106e0                      4h44m          4h44m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-6mf7r9d7zxkztckb   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f552e89b-8b62-4a8a-8be5-3abd66d0c24d                      23h            23h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-6ssxlxkjdsfcxcs6   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8392ea2d-9223-4f66-8fc2-fc571baf54bb                      13d            13d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-6z5z6wph4tgk7bw5   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ea7b356d-f2b9-4c29-b951-ee452154ed02                      6d6h           6d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-748bfww26d9lck6c   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1a71524a-262b-437c-9193-8413cb449958                      12h            12h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-7b2clrfth4vqkjfs   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-47b06f7d-b657-4103-80fb-ac4a4c86162b                      8h             8h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-7dr9pcnhq849vbkz   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b57abf2f-621e-4980-9f3d-1759ac06a3a5                      19h            19h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-7fctlvgk9qtj57n5   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0292a35d-1ec5-4837-af50-554cf9d6919a                      7d6h           7d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-7fhglp5zljzg5j56   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-07cb36ec-48af-48b4-8389-6a4de2831f44                      6h46m          6h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-7mxhbjqwlqzll6nr   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0024d752-5a9c-45d9-8916-5ca488d2b7c4                      14h            14h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-7q2bsf58c2c6nf5l   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d5fe9939-0278-40fc-8462-3747a8a83c23                      5d6h           5d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-7tblp5dvqpfts2p5   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cb5e2105-10e0-45c2-a089-1ea86a0ac282                      27d            27d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8bllrv9rfdxlzd6n   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-07f00a3c-37e4-4c40-b14c-528261bb7dff                      5h45m          5h45m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8g2gps5rwmjllmrm   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-42f9a4e6-626c-48a3-9c5c-36357f32eb84                      12h            12h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8jswvtrbzcwg8h9d   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5072df04-6f4a-4f8c-8fa1-f1a960e2e280                      20d            20d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8l677xkxq9vf2mls   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-820a4581-e94f-4e16-a842-622950117ee8                      20h            20h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8lmdxtzs6656wspc   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0f505bbb-6632-4292-ad67-c663bc951443                      10h            10h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8mdn4jtlqqmx7skm   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dfb4be8f-7ed2-45d4-a03a-acd49fdc3d94                      7h46m          7h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8mf548g2k5r46rjr   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a650a85a-554b-4872-ba49-31ac55953a23                      30h            30h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8pj8m4v9s7dsmbpq   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2130bf8b-c866-4e53-a154-dac49b6abf87                      15h            15h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8q752vf57pmldn69   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-668cd1de-ffea-4700-8cc6-82e0ec95a798                      2d6h           2d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8thwdfds58gcg49t   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5d7b1300-35ff-4c17-8fb1-79d17cb55890                      20d            20d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-8xrrbbvzvmsr5gms   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-39fbbb1f-bb95-4c50-bcff-bb6ec7362ee8                      3h46m          3h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-92j62prwcwdmkdxt   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c6001cb1-0aea-4bd8-be2c-c901707990d8                      14h            14h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-97mg98hdv7dndm5h   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b98bb819-385c-4e9e-8f26-71e7610bcb87                      6h46m          6h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-97r8fr9td5nvkd9j   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fbc3d306-487c-4898-9225-fd1e0358a284                      5d6h           5d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-97rq2sgclftj5w5s   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-54e1cee0-53a5-4383-96fa-0da107897e12                      21h            21h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-99pl9ljwlgvvw55h   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-52fccf36-3ba2-4e53-9ec4-0f0879e640be                      4d6h           4d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-9nq8rs8qwtkjkb25   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5853c598-de88-4a3d-a87c-ffb3580ca667                      22h            22h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-9pnwr7dvkjq8n2mt   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-10303a8f-c871-4d6e-9456-6b18cb674b2f                      3d6h           3d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-9qgczd9tzq6mwxfr   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-31f60824-9846-4219-a88c-5ff012c8b8ff                      14h            14h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-9tnfk4bpz8jhjksq   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0e102f4c-f380-48d2-bee3-07c6392e63c0                      15h            15h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-b9x8m7qftsk8wldb   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d15cc8af-b4ab-447f-acfb-81ba591ac80b                      27d            27d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-bf2w4p2x26qz9w9x   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5fe1e51b-5be0-4e1d-89e7-4de604a0eab6                      20d            20d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-bpcct8hsg8lg4wrq   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e105a7ed-0eba-43a1-a391-1b02ac3ec67f                      4d6h           4d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-bpncbd6tn9tv99fw   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d243e255-81c5-4e10-a100-c75998fe87b9                      34d            34d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-bqckpkdw2nnr7j54   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-21aedb40-308e-4d90-8347-a02b480e59d8                      27d            27d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-bwb7pxdn6vpr8x9k   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e45d2425-1293-496a-bbac-e068b573b0af                      3h46m          3h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-bxcdcjtv7vhgrnpk   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-763889ba-c533-4df8-a592-67534873c665                      10h            10h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-c86qh99fp26m2z2l   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-823192c8-8bd6-4386-95f9-913a925127cf                      30h            30h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-cb96k2xvdw42cdtf   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4d174d0c-e204-4e2d-abc1-6af1e74ef772                      11h            11h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-ckpnkfcl68ppc4wf   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-98ef1c40-b327-4ba2-a452-288ce75248f0                      17h            17h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-czj5tchtvzcqv8cw   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-eff66dd7-d39b-4dfe-9c80-f3e0537b0537                      6h46m          6h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-d7n6z2qmwnmqmp5n   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6f6f44dd-92c8-46f4-856b-17b23227affc                      10h            10h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-d8jdt2wjrrjt47qz   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cbd94e49-84b3-4bb4-a764-b05eb72c6f43                      5h45m          5h45m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-d8jww8hlnlhqmnwg   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fbeecacb-c6cc-45bb-9b01-16074c4c3b0b                      17h            17h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-dld4k9lz2pr77k85   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ac4b8d2f-ee32-454d-9f51-39b60b8cb580                      6d6h           6d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-dqsn5hxt5jn7xwmt   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-26094640-c2c9-4135-9098-3dc07907bfab                      65d            65d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-dscck9f7r7v9kvgc   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-96d80016-af36-4a61-b531-cb0d784d5144                      106m           107m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-dt69hk7kjl2jlttt   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3887192e-fd2a-4866-a6ba-6e42102025e0                      19h            19h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-dtqv4wfj9xjxcrlq   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-467c9a89-f162-4a07-8db3-c0812d970567                      4d6h           4d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-dxv4bqvxlxnvmqkc   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f55a9eee-3c5b-4068-9f7b-2f361fce2975                      6d6h           6d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-fmdvj8phm4shkbg6   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a244de1a-da67-457a-93b7-ce08c73ef095                      21h            21h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-fn9z4n94cnglqw5r   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9871319b-089c-4353-a081-a25bb5cd8cf5                      18h            18h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-g2n7hfblb46srfzp   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b882a440-b366-49de-a29c-c3ce20b9a282                      166m           166m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-g5t7fr57f2wrnvgm   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-44db83af-6c68-4974-abfb-da0e3a059eb4                      14h            14h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-gj8pdl6c6snv4d8z   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c3f0b770-7e30-465a-899b-6106a1b7b6ce                      4h44m          4h44m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-gl6pbhjtcndnvfj6   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fb9c8f70-fb04-4f86-8890-3728c213ffb0                      7d6h           7d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-glvgp9twf5hs4442   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fa9b0ada-3692-405f-a1fd-ca952fb2fab0                      3h46m          3h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-gpq2hdsfnn2ssnw5   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-083d3829-958e-4c6f-a812-9bf39e8afd4a                      3h46m          3h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-hm55pb8787bt569d   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-da1271cf-d02c-4174-9502-5a368ddde43c                      5d6h           5d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-hrkp486nkvwk4jtf   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3f11a7e3-e330-4067-bd3d-7f66d858c1a1                      46m            46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-hshw8q6x6bkvb2dq   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-428d7223-9763-4800-befa-5eecb6477a67                      13d            13d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-hw8nxtw9p5fzqkcj   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c7bb565f-1f2d-4179-b5ad-c0b4541b70d7                      34d            34d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-j6hd4rx9m6sngcts   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4002f384-9d71-4b36-aac8-5a2101478361                      34d            34d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jdx6prw6g9fk8n6x   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a4be1108-5ab0-4e85-b080-08be4acbf1ac                      16h            16h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jf7hzbhn4p92dxxc   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3fc32b39-daa9-4b49-8e83-725d0c227fbd                      9h             9h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jgkpvrjv79xp68fm   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-48541112-3d8b-4d04-a125-5b6c77ab7790                      4d6h           4d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jh25fb6x9wbrkf64   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-97f37c1b-09cd-4834-a673-41514049292d                      11h            11h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jk7krgx7wzldshkz   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ca8e6aad-f998-4bf6-bc16-95119b469859                      4d6h           4d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jv6qsx4b69v5qfb7   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a2531410-fd76-4ea8-85f1-4bb8ec140316                      27d            27d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jwqjlhl4dw8nmzzn   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a88220fe-17f2-4132-916d-cf3a8af95540                      30h            30h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jxq2ljtnlxnbdjkx   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b9fb3387-67b3-4f68-ad46-e9dfdf8c15e3                      9h             9h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-jz48bqd2kd4vjkch   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2ac136c7-a768-42d7-bb01-d7f63f4591ce                      34d            34d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-k66zmxtztfpxp6z2   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0bb11b4a-7824-455e-b429-64f60c5bb143                      13h            13h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-kbndgxp4lsll4ftx   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-371cf966-666b-48a8-a537-e159cfc47814                      22h            22h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-kg5hv99j559699vp   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-519ce963-f101-4e64-9dc2-2d88d4d3a6b4                      65d            65d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-kjtdsmd2bxzfhvhp   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-83caadc4-63f3-4b37-bbfe-8b96fc7eb07f                      8h             8h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-knhkfs4mvhmp2jb9   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-488ce04d-cb28-47da-861d-faaee9d448ac                      11h            11h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-knkgx8xqwr7s55b7   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9beb402a-7db0-4390-8490-9619f1af951b                      21h            21h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-kr587t9lv9b8rtzl   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bab309d9-b727-4d23-9797-42321a611b12                      4h44m          4h44m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-ks7htwklxn7ghznn   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-75da2305-b190-4c8e-b202-2d33c9f67efe                      20h            20h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-kv6jnlqbpqblcngj   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-efa093a7-c574-45d4-b4c6-9ac12265ab70                      6h46m          6h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-kvdm6c2kjrbz8zbl   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0b10003e-8a01-4fa1-8974-624d0ff4cad0                      107m           107m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-l46rmqswqp8lsvf8   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cac9c4c1-d603-47b7-bc31-30098b688d67                      4h44m          4h44m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-l5bpv7tz59nrz88s   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cc9a1c42-bfd9-40f4-8326-e983dc7b4fde                      9h             9h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-l72rbknvz7z2l4h4   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-810c5c11-9545-4084-af38-9291600b19ee                      8h             8h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-l7wpmbj7q9d4dmdn   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9c385466-8ea9-4a98-b8fe-7956f8afaaa3                      23h            23h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-lcpgw7mt67xf68cp   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cc5d9993-71f6-43d6-94c7-9edb5456da07                      13d            13d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-lmtb47skgz4xwbd8   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e449146e-bc69-4b0c-b638-cb15814d4de5                      13h            13h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-lqgb6nq67bxg62f7   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-31f584f5-6562-45cd-8aec-0aa7a6954817                      4h44m          4h44m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-lsl2xm7bcgsm7d9g   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3099fedf-c421-4ee0-86c8-70f34b48e8e3                      15h            15h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-ltrn4fkpgjhmcf4r   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f7a81683-48fb-4ae8-80a9-2c6d9963308c                      3d6h           3d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-lzmfrcgwp7v7rc5p   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-391076aa-c75e-46a4-82f7-9eb1889d4781                      22h            22h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-lzzwjw9mt22zkggk   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b8cbbf14-5b6f-456e-840f-a2cabd26965e                      13h            13h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-mdwxl7s44s2rmffb   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-376912bc-41ec-4b09-b26b-972ee90aae16                      2d6h           2d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-mfcqvbpkxbbcx5cs   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6ad21bba-5c28-42f5-b580-a340d6ae7072                      106m           106m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-mgbjftk98m2ptfzx   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-117449bf-2ea3-4a04-a8d7-15accd704a1c                      27d            27d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-mh7jk2nfmwspb7p7   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e9929d97-2beb-453e-ac7d-18b5722f79ed                      11h            11h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-mkxzwzp2chwhs7jp   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1143b51b-c26b-445c-9227-a354426e79a3                      21h            21h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-mqpnh7l2szgnr2rk   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4751e8ad-3a20-4c63-86cc-adf09070298e                      13h            13h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-ms94ckpj2p7s2wsm   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-88b0a842-3ce6-466f-804e-5a1c809a5446                      3h46m          3h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-mvm5pz658wxxhlvc   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c966bf0c-bb23-4bd8-b5ab-f1588000f6ac                      18h            18h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-n2rjqn8w87njfp52   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9ac44988-52f8-4b45-869f-77f30a7875a1                      46m            46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-nb6gbrd4jb8zq69x   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f5efc506-20e5-4521-bf88-af4a9609678a                      46m            47m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-nbrmwd5z9wbwks8l   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-01515383-5d1d-4dcb-b217-d75df5491290                      7h46m          7h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-ncsmgs7x7vr4njwj   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4098686a-ccb9-44d9-85e2-a6dd2faf343a                      15h            15h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-np78b7db7l75mvsz   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8702b632-84c9-41e5-bb45-9a63f0979154                      9h             9h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-nphvgzkzlqw9wngc   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5ed210b4-ac94-448e-9008-f6066c739fbc                      15h            15h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-p22x8q8g9xhm6cpb   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-08aab1be-aa4c-4971-9ec5-45322fe70238                      13h            13h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-p2s8cml6z24qzm5f   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1d1ebcc8-e037-44d9-975e-9db7973e1a4d                      12h            12h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-pd4cpspgmg6njccd   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-93eaea5b-1b71-4482-b1dd-d5729fd23fff                      19h            19h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-pd5vqt5h885zlgwk   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-73affe35-454e-4115-ba60-99193c6ceeb6                      8h             8h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-pnlhcc455w6rgxfn   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f2418841-a7ab-41c1-93f7-9d76b2bce5cc                      166m           166m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-pnrj94q7rr764vcv   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4c0545d9-e43a-45a2-9ac2-be143ed3b413                      5h45m          5h45m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-pt88dcx9f67rs9l4   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1ea50e1e-d9c2-4329-9de5-ddd51078f9fd                      6d6h           6d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-q6grr9zn29mg2kwc   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-274b8087-5799-464e-81a8-2dfd884a0112                      6h46m          6h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qfqdlfr4jssxnd5x   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1cba5db9-41c9-47b0-beec-c0ef0811d84f                      6d6h           6d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qhc5kr4txjh8ph9t   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-09f1c6a4-146f-4f54-b395-1ee1c2072703                      17h            17h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qhxvhbspvvw7mp9h   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-150a09f7-f036-4311-a15d-e16d224d23cf                      20d            20d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qqnlcjfq5l64bsnk   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-43063a8d-a05d-45dc-a4aa-90b91a9524b6                      3d6h           3d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qqtftmm62g4dfdsw   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f28a7150-597b-4f9c-ac15-006b85c88ff8                      19h            19h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qsnl9vmnrx48h97z   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d661127a-23a2-493b-a80a-811b4c06097b                      18h            18h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qz8ms5dmzjbvq8mf   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-327e97ac-90f5-4153-a6cc-2222d40d4075                      2d6h           2d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-qzmjjvfzzv6x5dw6   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dc79a01e-dac9-4a26-a136-8a8c44bac16a                      12h            12h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-r7sbdpg5r2rqrs5t   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1128ec79-6f0d-491f-a0ed-5c2bae10c8d6                      18h            18h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-s2pxd45rfb265bgq   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b77b0df5-d3f4-4bdc-b7be-fce45b5cf7ab                      47m            47m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-scvlwf5flhgmb4zs   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-193bc5b5-27ef-4505-9421-01473fa63a81                      166m           166m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-snkhmdh686px8j2l   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-afcfc76b-ee41-4912-a6dc-51a1b103f9e6                      18h            18h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-srght28bzvw6c47k   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-77772303-fab8-42d9-a065-f362bb4ea350                      16h            16h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-szs8q428chtbghqh   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3577d05e-ae21-49ad-bb55-2c4f4dc5558c                      65d            65d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-szxs4v9q2657mbp6   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a742d518-e274-43de-b37b-b21049d56161                      30h            30h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-t4q2tkhwrh5s74kd   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e0267dc1-b938-432c-8db2-19b8e9052582                      2d6h           2d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-t8wbdbzjxsrndkz5   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4c6eff17-a123-48a2-80f4-aba6a824ac28                      10h            10h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tbcgrgx2hr7qvxrv   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 150Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4da16f6f-7309-48e6-9c0f-0697c2bbb065                      65d            65d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tbvcskqvv2627gk8   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0fdb3df3-fa79-4452-86bc-832b50eeaacc                      22h            22h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-th2d42v2g9z8927h   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a335bd11-ef7a-4ce6-af17-e93f84a1db9e                      2d6h           2d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-thgwhsst9448gfrr   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-39b07d39-6d92-4fe9-b1f4-76ed0c532986                      13d            13d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tjprslbcq59kndrw   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5daeb5ed-c558-40fd-98da-ff4bffee7974                      23h            23h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tmmzvtqzjn57dhs4   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6ad68f4e-9192-427b-8f01-bb990c699a69                      12h            12h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tmsf97dqbztcjg4j   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fb7d7ded-28ff-47cc-9bf9-981bf0af9262                      65d            65d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tmsm7g27s88v5592   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-709297f8-689a-46bd-86d1-150f1f97c392                      8h             8h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tphljctzkdnctkfs   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bbbc74c9-463f-4699-bc5a-8028c8e65791                      23h            23h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tw4p2d5lwh7sx9wj   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f11b4666-ad05-47d3-8150-ee4490cb5b99                      166m           166m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-txctvbwqpp2fqzr4   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8c671200-63ab-406c-ac05-c20d7d976db1                      166m           166m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-tzxfpl65v557jvvv   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-00f4af31-9929-49cc-b0ba-0c46c9f7c003                      7d6h           7d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-v4rgvhkfxk6chmgw   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4b2752c3-693d-423a-bb40-edd80adf7d1a                      3d6h           3d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-v54mf7vhpqf8cx8k   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-69ef9249-a977-457b-9252-4324e6da9424                      5h45m          5h45m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-v75r5t27lvvz6bdj   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cbb858f4-4f54-42d3-9124-3507753e5158                      19h            19h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-vkf9r8qj84mtwm9j   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e308ccdc-f749-439b-bdb8-a51b9931d119                      21h            21h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-vkp8f229tq9q6xmr   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-47a96724-2a80-438b-8022-c9599118f22e                      34d            34d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-vpljf2hqbn9cwdv2   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-14d684b5-ba7b-4914-884b-b82ceca43ba5                      20h            20h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-vxxdcsftmf4lrxx8   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7492ad2e-4904-4e2a-bdd0-996efa638cd1                      106m           106m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-w2l698sj92nxnhlg   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b44bf7d4-c13e-451b-887c-2e84010baffd                      106m           106m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-w6n4xn6jlltrv8c7   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d521a88c-86db-4fdd-8fdf-58ebfbcde6e6                      16h            16h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-wcfhxhqp9zmtrlj8   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ea647f98-3459-46ef-ab91-6399e388111c                      17h            17h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-whcn5mkgk596f98c   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c81ea3ab-b8fb-4495-8abe-55d34fbc8b69                      5h45m          5h45m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-wwwmqm7d226pwbps   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0330bf1e-70b5-404a-9a90-a23ab8fc1ad9                      16h            16h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-wxzts4m2nsp629w8   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7d8a3479-9138-46a7-8446-bc5538f077ba                      23h            23h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-x7j7999c5xtzh926   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-88ab5ca4-00c3-4770-a535-bcbbd26147dd                      11h            11h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-xfspczlbqltq5qgw   true         alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-prometheus-alertmanager-0                                                                         50Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a1ebecc5-4095-4618-81c3-ecd4f3813ab9                      7h46m          7h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-xk5hkpr5qqsr9zl7   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e55df2f1-4ddb-473f-9d02-0eadce6a3333                      7h46m          7h46m
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-xkvng77sf478wmq6   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5e8a5263-af3f-4ec8-b8f4-5c5465b4e1cb                      7d6h           7d6h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-xl64gjwfsqrtvf6w   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-972cf5bc-d737-493a-857d-ec67b51cbcb7                      17h            17h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-xrxvbbd8s5shbx9p   true         status-gatus                                                                                                                                           5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d0967e77-1414-499e-96cc-84d7bac618c0                      30h            30h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-z5qljz5wmj7dc56l   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-081c0752-87c4-4a81-8350-e3a79304770d                      13d            13d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-zm95v2bptdq8kdwp   true         prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-db-prometheus-prometheus-prometheus-0                                                                                 250Gi         ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8c784b3b-d48d-498b-9a31-f6f7227e898d                      20h            20h
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-zz5xbpjm4nvhl65c   true         gotify-data                                                                                                                                            5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b4f4b250-2bf7-4df4-accb-8afd61c8dde6                      20d            20d
monitoring        k10-csi-snap-zzpwcf48lqcmtwmx   true         gatus                                                                                                                                                  5Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3cc89af4-5d8d-4675-8e17-47a2d1f30384                      20h            20h
networking        k10-csi-snap-2627rsdk6qcmcdkr   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-828fa22b-721f-488d-83e8-b582306f7c24                      26d            27d
networking        k10-csi-snap-44qxz62954sbkqsn   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-bee382ac-355e-4c58-9492-05e0a7c7fbf5                      <invalid>      106m
networking        k10-csi-snap-4d4l4h8v9c2mr6gg   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-55efe165-2683-4ab5-92ec-7f1029e5a62b                      64d            65d
networking        k10-csi-snap-4d82xzdnkqszl22x   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-e33947c2-444a-4a1d-9628-df0404b191bc                      <invalid>      4h46m
networking        k10-csi-snap-4ghx6p74rv5zg2qp   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-c0dfaf05-d4bd-48c0-8deb-a48119052a93                      12d            13d
networking        k10-csi-snap-4n99n9dnmfstkdqx   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-51c2f1eb-8d4b-428f-b15f-062f6c260c00                      <invalid>      7h46m
networking        k10-csi-snap-6h4gckkkm7mrnm47   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-293d3489-3a95-407c-bf10-70c6a4c84704                      <invalid>      9h
networking        k10-csi-snap-6lx57p5n8nfrzbmv   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-0a0b528e-2612-4e48-95d8-bf54d321b939                      43h            2d6h
networking        k10-csi-snap-74w9lxzrsw6sf6gm   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-dea860ec-324c-43ae-b53b-4a10f6635d72                      <invalid>      8h
networking        k10-csi-snap-96vzdk5tww8bl897   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-e61ca0cd-6954-4c93-ab6a-6ada6fc6a989                      9h             20h
networking        k10-csi-snap-9xvmqjzgd2lhhx4p   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-38e64b10-e2b2-436a-87f9-5941495dec9c                      46m            11h
networking        k10-csi-snap-crs6gw588fdjhkxc   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-417726db-dc03-4e7b-ad7e-709219ae1cec                      8h             19h
networking        k10-csi-snap-cwrcc266xkmmdkpv   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-797d7e7e-22a4-491e-a5ac-09e81d889ebb                      6d19h          7d6h
networking        k10-csi-snap-d4kstjw7v996xqfl   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-7053a54f-c44c-466e-ba84-a5352a8e2d0a                      19h            30h
networking        k10-csi-snap-g64tr2d6n7g6bp86   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-3e81ab37-fd98-4bc9-b943-e1a0c7f3292a                      12h            23h
networking        k10-csi-snap-gns4tzppppmjl24x   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-bc2607f5-e937-47c4-97ae-91eef2cdb6da                      5d19h          6d6h
networking        k10-csi-snap-mn8rllvsqq6fgt82   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-0bd6c674-3bc6-4832-b9b3-9c55842d8c25                      6h46m          17h
networking        k10-csi-snap-nzfzqbz9kvzwbfh7   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-fdeadfeb-2116-42cd-b939-054fa1467021                      4d19h          5d6h
networking        k10-csi-snap-p5lcwbk4cbbdzk7d   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-90440ee9-c7e6-4da7-89c6-007acb3c27a8                      3h46m          14h
networking        k10-csi-snap-pbzzhxhb9hrrsbrw   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-4a2f6d83-7e9d-4a94-bbb2-192a00bf62e6                      105m           12h
networking        k10-csi-snap-plqtslbns87rkdf4   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-a345a825-f7aa-4720-81b7-1b51a621cc6c                      <invalid>      46m
networking        k10-csi-snap-qkx9vjkqntkw8z7k   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-ca08aa0e-9906-4c55-9b3b-ba0f898732fc                      7h46m          18h
networking        k10-csi-snap-qnwlj47q5m8hk9lh   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-5b0eb81e-e3e5-4814-b2c2-4bee26c118d7                      19d            20d
networking        k10-csi-snap-qt5vc28s7ks694xp   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-cb60f2f1-687e-45e0-9a54-9de341efd132                      5h46m          16h
networking        k10-csi-snap-slvnzmgx7wtkdh5d   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-16fe4241-8d59-45b6-b07b-a50e9b6c963a                      33d            34d
networking        k10-csi-snap-snkwgnx42pbsx8sq   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-f1dcc190-9f88-46db-a086-ca5f0f99509c                      <invalid>      5h46m
networking        k10-csi-snap-tvh5jbdjt467bl8c   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-218c0fb0-eb83-452f-8d8e-66a5dcc8ac0f                      166m           13h
networking        k10-csi-snap-vdllq72rh7lthtkp   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-4da835e2-4611-4f30-a406-27086e0669b6                      10h            21h
networking        k10-csi-snap-vwg4nr4njh9j8cv8   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-4362287c-5bdb-4cb8-83d9-8eb19a4a829f                      <invalid>      3h46m
networking        k10-csi-snap-w7x4kj8b4qtdjfxk   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-7aed621a-7a03-4289-991a-901ef901dcf2                      <invalid>      6h47m
networking        k10-csi-snap-wdhcrhmbwl976mlg   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-55252165-7c24-4c9a-8bc4-678299b4f2f0                      11h            22h
networking        k10-csi-snap-wgshk2thvwjn2ddk   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-51151d66-1b51-4d21-958b-9b586e7f2805                      <invalid>      10h
networking        k10-csi-snap-wmhgr728n55dvdnq   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-59a0f7fc-16f9-4847-99e1-dc18e66bf810                      <invalid>      166m
networking        k10-csi-snap-x6npnklgcsmlsn4f   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-daf4b25b-e9c3-48b3-bf4f-20ad3e8abe53                      3d19h          4d6h
networking        k10-csi-snap-xnng7zrzl8vr8js6   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-258a702f-db29-4d6a-9ec1-848df56d7c1a                      2d19h          3d6h
networking        k10-csi-snap-zbtncvr2nm2dwnd8   true         coredns-blacklist                                                                                                                                      1Gi           ceph-filesystem                 snapcontent-58cf5632-b07c-499b-b4f4-d88162173887                      4h46m          15h
security          k10-csi-snap-29lpl8tdcv7nnxzs   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b2c9172a-1ce1-4403-a5e8-99f8ff0ee331                      8h             8h
security          k10-csi-snap-2bz475pwvgp5f5vj   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0e2683d2-d7ea-4ec0-8dc9-4fa2f5c045c7                      166m           166m
security          k10-csi-snap-2jv7th5lp8sxb8g7   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ab2c6928-8272-4e61-8b1b-1559bf0c6ca4                      3d6h           3d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-2nw84jcm7x5zmh95   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4ef8b7e7-f52c-4d2f-be9d-d92da74c3eb7                      6d6h           6d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-45pfxmcpdq5f2l6m   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ca3c4719-ea79-4d9d-9604-7813a60487d4                      5h45m          5h45m
security          k10-csi-snap-46hznf8v6bf6vcpv   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-931126cf-9cc5-482b-89e0-c82f31e6212b                      7h46m          7h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-4fvc7vzwvpfgghrc   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6e5d0862-b77f-4856-bee8-0079395f5e2d                      34d            34d
security          k10-csi-snap-4ljdqqt5v6nt65mk   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-641973bd-0717-4d3f-b7f8-41e6dbaf86d7                      10h            10h
security          k10-csi-snap-4sx5l29fzfvxnlhf   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6ba43f2c-4ca7-4c2f-b618-8ec4ba75ae80                      18h            18h
security          k10-csi-snap-4xq5rtcgqlrhc5ft   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-380fd3e0-8cb6-4349-a77c-89715987f62a                      13h            13h
security          k10-csi-snap-554d7d76c6dc8f7j   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-30eae713-20c5-4a92-9b9d-e6db94f4c87f                      22h            22h
security          k10-csi-snap-58tw9k4dx52m72t8   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e56a7341-b868-45b7-a2c2-aa8477b7466f                      6h46m          6h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-5c4btnt57vlm65r8   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-47fc47b1-ce9c-4bbf-89a4-2b7c2237a257                      65d            65d
security          k10-csi-snap-5kvtrqj2j26p6q2z   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-26bec91a-62a8-4ede-824b-7946c1eea7d2                      11h            11h
security          k10-csi-snap-5l6ln89lfq9h7kd7   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-22422ac8-5277-4a4a-884c-f5fbcadd7aec                      16h            16h
security          k10-csi-snap-66lknzfr9b7776d5   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-52fb6561-86f1-4812-a8ae-0a988d57d389                      20d            20d
security          k10-csi-snap-6chhhlkjcw2bckxs   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6588927e-7a2e-400b-a545-e95ccbb0b387                      15h            15h
security          k10-csi-snap-6fhjzvmq29jmsnkk   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4a5850be-b229-4698-ae77-7099783947a0                      5d6h           5d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-7fhxzhmxzmtdv9kc   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4f664472-3ba1-4bb4-8d05-6c7af99363a9                      11h            11h
security          k10-csi-snap-7g7kpvddjt7n6nnz   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e7354875-30f3-452e-bcc6-4607375b7657                      46m            46m
security          k10-csi-snap-7kkbzl2dqgg4jdnc   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b58bda2c-70ce-41d3-87be-2b88529e1b7e                      18h            18h
security          k10-csi-snap-85rm9gvx852v887j   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-14f3a61d-b878-41bb-a9ef-7d4d8c539b4c                      22h            22h
security          k10-csi-snap-89wrfpgndcd9gssg   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a43dff49-2e68-4cd6-bc0d-b6d4fcf65375                      14h            14h
security          k10-csi-snap-8l8txjtwxj22k6qz   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9583860f-5c13-4a9e-9677-b8110092aa77                      7h46m          7h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-8t77vfsjnwrlpt84   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8bb77566-e070-43e6-9ecd-bcc32c925046                      13h            13h
security          k10-csi-snap-9dxk6hcpdbvv6pxp   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c194b376-7417-4985-8caa-b36b036c61c7                      46m            46m
security          k10-csi-snap-9g6hrslps48rbwbq   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-41fc112a-1f22-4bca-81d2-808df20110f0                      4d6h           4d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-bchps2bsgtmkh5vw   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-64d6b4c5-861b-42d2-ae0a-9c6e961d5de6                      106m           106m
security          k10-csi-snap-bs5b8zrklvfj78lj   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2930b2e3-26b2-4879-9124-54dca44ba13a                      8h             8h
security          k10-csi-snap-bvtznwsln7zc29c7   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c97fac48-c14b-47a7-b08f-e230db56aa64                      5h45m          5h45m
security          k10-csi-snap-c9mzfpttv5jhnzq4   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-48680ada-0728-4472-915f-762e00f8057b                      5h45m          5h45m
security          k10-csi-snap-cds88m54prxp4jrb   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3cd08282-0f31-40bd-a354-d166ba964185                      6h46m          6h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-cfp8pvbmf8cvnwhw   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c736add0-901c-4506-892c-b92619232df8                      106m           106m
security          k10-csi-snap-cgkctj4gmqmqgxqm   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6d3265f4-5e18-4a1a-8347-a22c5346bce1                      3h46m          3h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-cjftnm8n7j5srhm2   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b41c0087-bf2f-48ae-877b-f6d8abb4f0fb                      11h            11h
security          k10-csi-snap-cv4d89h5psgkbpv7   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-670cf530-bb43-4cae-a4c2-192fd0787c8b                      30h            30h
security          k10-csi-snap-cz4sb9qfchf56txp   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0076203a-30aa-4319-bca3-7c28e1c116f5                      15h            15h
security          k10-csi-snap-d6m42z82gsq78rlg   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a1bc5899-9334-4aa8-974c-660a383c933f                      9h             9h
security          k10-csi-snap-fhn9ws62dkc47q7z   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-07892d7d-381b-45b4-a94a-fd1a7dc65d15                      166m           166m
security          k10-csi-snap-fl7rzwppq5t2x2qf   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ed440122-5687-483a-9fbb-3a26398cdbfc                      10h            10h
security          k10-csi-snap-fmwgkbrmgs7z82h7   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dd4605ed-893b-4530-9948-dd2c5aab9937                      5d6h           5d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-fnffj8ljjnd5qjtw   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e30e4ca5-92c0-4199-8073-2978d1a94528                      17h            17h
security          k10-csi-snap-frslxzlt78nlsp5l   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-82303bc2-1a93-4185-bcac-026e345c1fff                      23h            23h
security          k10-csi-snap-g8npxfq5lbwfp7wm   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6c3ca505-ef93-4d96-befc-f57f89ef70e9                      12h            12h
security          k10-csi-snap-gv9bfwd76t5h4jsb   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-192c3f49-2dc8-416d-ab74-f2c38eb27bf5                      166m           166m
security          k10-csi-snap-h2ml8dxf8xwlfvpb   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b7aaf61f-bae9-4e5c-a739-0feb7a6ce624                      21h            21h
security          k10-csi-snap-jts6zkbdhjjp6h8c   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c7a2df47-d140-48f9-9df1-9cef928ed59c                      22h            22h
security          k10-csi-snap-kf4swzdjcrfwwqzh   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d0f9f52c-67b3-4ecf-8e39-f91ce4574fc2                      65d            65d
security          k10-csi-snap-kvzc2fwffmz9xbf8   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-98b3c965-a930-4ee2-b697-056070da1f2c                      21h            21h
security          k10-csi-snap-l79h8zv7slhv7ldf   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9f3bf85f-03e2-4043-ba33-32be3b10579a                      2d6h           2d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-l9c4668xtrgp2t54   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-881ed9ab-5eb3-443e-9afa-eb37ac79d191                      27d            27d
security          k10-csi-snap-lgms7qt2s9qbgbgq   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e400246c-6046-49f6-8b83-1b373fc5d918                      3d6h           3d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-lsf4frf2x56sh8f4   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4b8a7f89-04eb-4393-b6ca-aad8d4e36c0f                      13d            13d
security          k10-csi-snap-ltwndf46ntqd5ljv   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5183b009-20d9-4388-8907-91ead042b595                      20h            20h
security          k10-csi-snap-m265jpd8k4qmdzdx   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-97e05afa-be9e-41ca-ba97-2a8a7cdd6e5c                      9h             9h
security          k10-csi-snap-m6kl9gktrfvd7f7j   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6a2876f7-0c42-4d87-b13e-29d4ff2e652c                      13d            13d
security          k10-csi-snap-mhrlpp8ncp6hxqgb   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a92c7b4f-e027-4125-873a-5c497b4fc798                      6d6h           6d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-mm6m4zj5w8f9zfks   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e17587e6-dc28-460a-b02a-3fbbc301780a                      20d            20d
security          k10-csi-snap-msw5g2vv7rn8hzrx   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-73c52020-4401-453b-b85e-13805bae5823                      6d6h           6d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-mwf92gl5bzx5ch77   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-67e0a40f-eff3-4e91-b7c8-2b0099acc062                      16h            16h
security          k10-csi-snap-mx4ml8fbhlt47wz2   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e7dc163f-576d-4111-a419-1c1129db34b0                      7d6h           7d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-nczrg6wqpsvtq96h   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0df47a77-e4ae-4c01-b34f-6f8c8a1fe4ad                      4h44m          4h44m
security          k10-csi-snap-nhf9ch4qrh2rld9t   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1ba8284e-2d08-4b76-a1e2-4aa5aa749a91                      23h            23h
security          k10-csi-snap-njdwpjrhcnpsp9ds   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-02f910cb-bcc6-4770-99f3-4654d90922d6                      3h46m          3h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-nwp6dmhngvdnfsqf   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a1259666-19d6-45db-ac72-df43118bbd9a                      17h            17h
security          k10-csi-snap-nzbbfzgkgkcb9ctk   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fe10f6a8-7d98-438d-b1cc-b47ab11f2766                      12h            12h
security          k10-csi-snap-p4wwlbs4wj42jkcj   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1908c1e2-f9e0-48d4-aa47-724d4c141c3f                      9h             9h
security          k10-csi-snap-p97j4l67ccgz46h4   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d4d9a59c-079d-40d6-b3a5-fded1b0961cb                      27d            27d
security          k10-csi-snap-pdf9knwmxpc67v72   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-007f9ba3-2757-452b-a401-8148fe15aa9e                      19h            19h
security          k10-csi-snap-pjvxgjgnhhh4p94x   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d91039cb-2b57-4185-b7f8-b13161509d75                      2d6h           2d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-plbs9sb92qrq6cls   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ace64750-1037-4d33-b202-edfcb1c967b7                      23h            23h
security          k10-csi-snap-pnnmfmh6jvdpjwqr   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a3ec4219-3825-4686-951f-aa68a3d6460a                      20h            20h
security          k10-csi-snap-pvbtd66t4x7v6kql   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f626f35f-78e4-4236-9a5c-14b97f16eca8                      2d6h           2d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-pvsns88zr5k9jvtf   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bbeb937d-57d6-428f-9ff7-c89127fd1f43                      13d            13d
security          k10-csi-snap-q67cmqzxbbq7qp4q   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-07882104-b5c8-442f-8add-2e252fdbd493                      3d6h           3d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-qfgccxlm6fmxc82h   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2440007f-bad5-4146-b8e3-5c85bdeafdbf                      34d            34d
security          k10-csi-snap-ql28xtpwsqhkqx4r   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cbe78934-f800-43ca-97fa-376f935f4b01                      16h            16h
security          k10-csi-snap-qp942zcwn7d8g47r   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cfd7074d-84e7-4d6e-bdd9-8ac577317f68                      5d6h           5d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-qrmv6n5hxns8t777   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6db0876a-38f5-458e-9196-7a2965eeb44e                      21h            21h
security          k10-csi-snap-r98d5ddtdnkl6w2m   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c9ce72bc-27ae-4e50-b00d-41ca1e809373                      4h44m          4h44m
security          k10-csi-snap-rqsg6zsz5v7fhs55   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-692d4693-2c19-472a-974f-895b5606baa9                      20h            20h
security          k10-csi-snap-s7x8lg5lk2cm94d8   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6aa70f07-1eee-4785-be96-6a56126cd9c1                      18h            18h
security          k10-csi-snap-s98dvbvjp8wzpkgt   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f3a33afc-caa3-481a-8cac-05e87239e464                      45m            46m
security          k10-csi-snap-sg8cgl9k6xbjpzb4   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-572613af-8fbb-46e7-968a-50aa4d85c4e5                      20d            20d
security          k10-csi-snap-sgs79tm5zpl6btcb   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fc5ce8cb-17e9-4758-9730-8680039e9201                      3h46m          3h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-sn2vlkpbd74st7v5   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1eb302c0-fa80-48b6-a53c-b24ee10fc0de                      7h46m          7h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-snxk45q77pcm8426   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-78c603be-d361-40a2-a1d0-4eddc378ba98                      13h            13h
security          k10-csi-snap-ssgdxfwdx885fczj   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bf73e2d8-ed7a-4cce-8335-0e7588b918b0                      65d            65d
security          k10-csi-snap-tns7l5w6fjswwlwl   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-966fd397-2669-4727-89f0-c537485859fa                      8h             8h
security          k10-csi-snap-v8jzzqmr9v689mq2   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-82ead021-e67e-4acf-9531-fa208f02fa89                      7d6h           7d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-v9mnv44ggd8wfbpm   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ab5a7362-cc94-4e06-a3ee-241140c91689                      19h            19h
security          k10-csi-snap-vcfwg8rvknb2287j   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-117f0f4f-380b-4277-b366-d6c443b6115f                      10h            10h
security          k10-csi-snap-vjpnjdp7s5bnq7xr   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-621d4c5d-eb43-44e7-bfb7-2a72bef94f84                      34d            34d
security          k10-csi-snap-vlprps7lkzmgdmtb   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-64b09471-2e0b-4fb8-a375-d7a25daac4e5                      106m           106m
security          k10-csi-snap-vtnx29tl9fvwrrmq   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ecbcd318-06a9-4be2-8658-e94bb07f251b                      30h            30h
security          k10-csi-snap-wrtqf44zqc7ng7f5   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-36847351-c447-4e3a-aa85-550fb4643709                      27d            27d
security          k10-csi-snap-x758hfr659hgsxv4   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b3c2953f-a461-4cfa-af3b-e2f13d47398a                      12h            12h
security          k10-csi-snap-xgszhrc8dlwztdpx   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e31d5081-3bd2-4e0d-8c43-2c8e28440dac                      6h46m          6h46m
security          k10-csi-snap-xqsprq7nkhdhmwrx   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ab54553b-203f-4e02-b73f-8e922cd62b8d                      7d6h           7d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-xsz7nbv8b24bltxz   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-390c7f3a-a635-4e68-92a1-94abfbb9d37f                      15h            15h
security          k10-csi-snap-z8rvkbxnfb5v9t96   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2849fca4-a861-4ce3-9f99-c942fcc7c77f                      4d6h           4d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-zf4vjsc6cjr4ssg6   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-599fbf27-6be2-487f-8ea5-825e588eb25b                      17h            17h
security          k10-csi-snap-zfsb6jmsjpcfg7bw   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-38a9e3e0-bd96-4d75-abae-4ce473a5d332                      4d6h           4d6h
security          k10-csi-snap-zmhklnbq2kqnqbvf   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-71977544-c5cd-48ed-99b1-d50ee99f15ca                      4h44m          4h44m
security          k10-csi-snap-zn4spbmpbfftpr6c   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cb976556-2459-419d-b6d0-a69808189a22                      14h            14h
security          k10-csi-snap-znh765wlkljw7glf   true         pgdata-home-authentik-0                                                                                                                                10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-da088e06-d395-4c4b-bb0c-d6893c14f2ba                      19h            19h
security          k10-csi-snap-zqhbfznkdw29zwhl   true         bitwarden-config                                                                                                                                       10Gi          ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6df4701b-acc5-4a7e-9bd8-9c480e8c3615                      14h            14h
security          k10-csi-snap-zvlcqmrvlskv8xxs   true         redis-data-authentik-redis-master-0                                                                                                                    8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9d1daa51-e9c2-42bc-818b-40f8d7d9bbce                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-2486pglhx5t4rj5m   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b112b255-d51f-4179-b06b-906853eb87b1                      7d6h           7d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-259s2bbgnm4p4m25   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6163e321-e7f3-4372-a53e-984097c79dd4                      8h             8h
storage           k10-csi-snap-27g6c44z2mcn9p92   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9d946542-b6be-456f-9e25-d937a7cc9431                      65d            65d
storage           k10-csi-snap-27mxzqvtfvs9k68m   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b166df2a-14f9-477e-9525-bb918e44fc70                      13h            13h
storage           k10-csi-snap-28j7cqhk88646xfv   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cf362dbb-bbce-4a77-a16b-35968b661b0e                      18h            18h
storage           k10-csi-snap-2b4xvpjt8v2xwhlc   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6346b4fa-632f-421a-8978-9e805093f968                      11h            11h
storage           k10-csi-snap-2bjfsdw55v5lcgsm   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6db0b287-4f2e-4a14-89d9-b46e8270bb31                      18h            18h
storage           k10-csi-snap-2fcrhsrtlqn7m45q   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7162a9d7-f908-45c6-b4f1-3be298e61405                      65d            65d
storage           k10-csi-snap-2fq5zh62mxk9hhdq   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-88c7caad-6eae-41ba-8aa5-c7a5ad0be041                      7d6h           7d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-2rbj88r47l9qrhml   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-baf04c01-49b3-4431-9afb-196fd294d670                      11h            11h
storage           k10-csi-snap-2scpl85grpjpftck   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0668ff1c-75be-42ac-b102-9ec7bc05cb6b                      13d            13d
storage           k10-csi-snap-2wdmfw75q5k6gh5g   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9e12b037-b587-4ee8-ac99-4bb4185b04a2                      13h            13h
storage           k10-csi-snap-2zdt9nb7xrwv9xm4   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-57a30c6a-b9b4-41b8-927c-842edcb092a5                      20h            20h
storage           k10-csi-snap-4298f97d2w542grt   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-45a8cc79-2179-4f5a-a77f-67d48837130f                      8h             8h
storage           k10-csi-snap-47gxsn5lrrxdg877   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6f903143-568c-43bf-8d7c-5809b1cb5a5e                      2d6h           2d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-4cps24kqmm8wckvl   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-44887de2-b577-4fe8-8e60-c86c44af710c                      8h             8h
storage           k10-csi-snap-4h9q2bnbkkh57qd4   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-43724c0b-ad47-4dda-b71c-7cdb58852d50                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-4np5qhnv277jdx47   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e8867083-7c06-4343-8c86-dac784c37fcb                      10h            10h
storage           k10-csi-snap-4pq9m6t88x4jdn5j   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-703103b4-e667-44fa-88e6-a513f1535abd                      34d            34d
storage           k10-csi-snap-54929f4fcqgg5x6b   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-abd2b2bc-f6cc-4261-b177-64011478989d                      6h45m          6h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-57kp6lgd9knzbtq9   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c2a17536-f193-4fc1-bad8-b30b49d16173                      19h            19h
storage           k10-csi-snap-58bwq9wzlg57tk8p   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9aed02c2-913c-456e-97ab-d91612095c64                      10h            10h
storage           k10-csi-snap-5cv887plg7jntwx4   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-94b78bbb-19db-47fb-83d8-79bb22b89288                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-5fr6s4kjgr6lqgmm   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-28bbee20-a726-47ba-bfd1-6fc137c01c19                      42m            42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-5gfqln8mswqspj44   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4c06d51b-af3c-4ad5-8da5-144980c3574a                      9h             9h
storage           k10-csi-snap-5hwrpqhmwmwr586q   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f6577346-2f32-4d4c-ada0-6d2cf2f569bd                      14h            14h
storage           k10-csi-snap-5js58pg4x4ddd2mv   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-802bae32-caea-44fc-9101-8fa4f1b0bd61                      2d6h           2d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-5rmvdr8bgs9gzs9n   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-89b72136-56ed-4d31-b046-ed65877f2316                      11h            11h
storage           k10-csi-snap-67fpjzhdhh4m6rwb   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ee0795fb-e3a0-4d8a-bd1e-a7cbaabf5ec0                      9h             9h
storage           k10-csi-snap-688ftt7spn7h6rvf   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b4c8e580-7f3e-4a8e-8ddd-d53b4feb7ffb                      21h            21h
storage           k10-csi-snap-6drdglmz8gvmwkr4   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ed337338-9bed-4d53-ba7f-a09286735cbd                      22h            22h
storage           k10-csi-snap-6gm94b5x7zkk5gdv   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f854c806-f967-4186-998f-d2a289ebeb73                      22h            22h
storage           k10-csi-snap-6h28d42shbvw62zm   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4f026394-7889-4874-a29a-a7934a71b88c                      4d6h           4d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-6ht2bvfqk9nt62cp   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9983ce4d-205b-41a1-8806-ec1097813d64                      4h42m          4h42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-6mfcdkctj9zp86ng   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-eb0ff9cb-64cc-4dbd-a6cf-2224e37ee9c1                      7d6h           7d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-6mhzpl6zvbx74m8b   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-50150e09-aec7-45dd-8ebd-fc4974883a5c                      4h42m          4h42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-6mjcfhjlgblbmwsw   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-061110f2-2b1e-4a54-9704-4d458a7198e2                      2d6h           2d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-6p2vc4zr9w8jcr69   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-889a9b3c-d6db-4274-a410-21b180415028                      165m           165m
storage           k10-csi-snap-6r7tkcmnh2xtzh6g   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-70dd2530-a169-499c-8377-f5f760d8c523                      34d            34d
storage           k10-csi-snap-6snx4sb8fmqstf25   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-beb26b94-9b95-4a92-b6d6-666bc1d87b69                      20d            20d
storage           k10-csi-snap-6tf928jrlfdwg4jb   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-70db0a3d-6879-41a8-99f1-2575707503e0                      17h            17h
storage           k10-csi-snap-6vxx6nkhg8tfcccw   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-361555ab-57ca-4a9a-8223-2f3e4439ed1a                      2d6h           2d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-75n2f4zn2mbwwmj8   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fe04b25b-8899-4c30-8081-da596d112701                      6h45m          6h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-76p7srf7w6k46drm   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3bc83409-dd22-416b-a709-9e6bd8ceac91                      12h            12h
storage           k10-csi-snap-76rwr7847wzm4mpd   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-408a61c7-ad30-4e76-9154-4a29691ee7e2                      16h            16h
storage           k10-csi-snap-7frgmdbmhqmvdwqf   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-465ee1e2-0134-402c-b9b3-641b52d08e47                      5h44m          5h44m
storage           k10-csi-snap-7mx47gvxxvgz2wbh   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3067de1c-a695-4313-bbbc-def706828cb1                      10h            10h
storage           k10-csi-snap-7nztlxrgcdrzvphr   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fda2cd1e-a9c8-481b-b234-4b43f2d920d6                      15h            15h
storage           k10-csi-snap-7tsvzjnls7jjn9pp   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c6bd354e-bc9c-4ac7-8e7d-bab7b3dcbd2b                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-85fmrv8zrbdhwrbb   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-eb95d95c-3103-4e66-83ca-d20305fd440c                      3h45m          3h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-87d2dz98c7p7zqjv   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4f067834-423f-4788-b35b-f467806e00df                      20h            20h
storage           k10-csi-snap-88qtbwtts5m7wxdv   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-457989ae-6f82-4cd2-ba0c-f4b52f1c47b4                      10h            10h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8fcwm5l4d5klmvfk   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b3e4cdd8-ed4b-47ed-b4c7-059d001462db                      4h42m          4h42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-8ftvtk85nnhrsvsl   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8c9eabb4-991c-44dc-a38f-ed1375291f60                      17h            17h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8fvmzdhj5k5dccxh   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-03627303-7819-4840-a172-2755e533d31e                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8j2wkqvkgn99p7dt   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-af3a5ad3-0510-4aed-add1-75f2f204236f                      42m            42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-8k6xqggxw64d7kdc   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-456c9098-86f0-40b5-9bcc-c9ca348868f6                      23h            23h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8k9tz8cx2frzrttd   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c492ac13-471f-414d-b0c3-359e47a273b4                      2d6h           2d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8mpk8pmdrpvrdvdx   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-033e9559-5c69-4e0f-aeec-35215223534b                      3d6h           3d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8mznqv8dnb8s6lh7   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e7fc64e7-1441-43bf-8527-fba01be12a0b                      23h            23h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8q842kjs9ndqlggl   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4d09d441-51aa-4bf9-85ab-f62b6aab80ab                      166m           166m
storage           k10-csi-snap-8qxlk6hsvkd7cxv5   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-aaa00a73-5e10-4a6c-bf60-89181650d112                      6d6h           6d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-8xhd2z7gqcvbfcc4   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-26d7f46f-95ce-49bf-a377-f00d322a2d5b                      27d            27d
storage           k10-csi-snap-9lgxx45tspgttlgk   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-411826aa-f70d-49c4-a7c6-3cf406b91d37                      7h45m          7h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-9mqb9zthkcp7m8mh   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7985f9ed-0082-4c76-8bfc-041e3f7cd1d2                      19h            19h
storage           k10-csi-snap-b6ns7krzxw695t66   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e0dbf437-30cd-4721-992c-9de05fe1fefe                      9h             9h
storage           k10-csi-snap-b9m2svc2d88w5krg   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-26c7fcff-f739-4c7c-9f2a-af8000ad17a7                      20d            20d
storage           k10-csi-snap-bcxnb5c9zpjh276q   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9a4ad99d-0e31-406a-958c-50c0d1e015b4                      6d6h           6d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-bd2ld4fppnnrzc68   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-36b6876d-80e6-46a6-b7b0-0a5b00e4bbdd                      3h45m          3h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-bdxv4kthwf4c9smp   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b2ec2078-2fb2-4698-ad70-b22a1d8b088b                      13h            13h
storage           k10-csi-snap-bfg748554zhpdm76   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-88a1f5d2-87b4-449d-87fa-3a1aeb289d6d                      5h44m          5h44m
storage           k10-csi-snap-bfqrx5n8wqssdvvs   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ee2370ed-029f-447f-851c-822a9c524282                      5d6h           5d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-bhp9zt2kv6k44xvk   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e3ffe6d1-eb07-4c00-a86f-ed0556c63991                      6h45m          6h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-bnvtx557kccpbvzw   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-421b9899-7ec0-4217-a619-8a528fa3902e                      5h45m          5h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-bsbvnttpkmdpsg9j   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ef3a412e-275b-4413-b9b9-adf694c7437e                      20h            20h
storage           k10-csi-snap-bwpcbthcln5l9mkh   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bcd0843c-3a6d-497d-86ac-7c4e6c9db11c                      17h            17h
storage           k10-csi-snap-c2jxj6j7lb9pgln8   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5d6f7f78-3e6d-4c8b-9fda-6d79b48f1ed7                      34d            34d
storage           k10-csi-snap-c4wjdv55xx8mn5f2   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5c352f5d-55c6-44a9-a045-e9e7a344bb0f                      23h            23h
storage           k10-csi-snap-ccx5rfwcw46zmt6z   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-94b73e86-2c9c-4db4-953b-b2b219d89cf0                      3d6h           3d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-cmgl2skls7mlcg2s   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c34dd4b4-4bbd-49e9-8c81-a113a2dfca19                      5h45m          5h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-cql7kzhlbgjdg556   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a651d865-7729-4730-b825-7b76b00dc0bc                      4d6h           4d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-ct6vz5djf6fttjrx   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-21cff9cd-b6ff-4ae2-b326-d213ef40648d                      21h            21h
storage           k10-csi-snap-cvm4v6bbphhdw2g7   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ac6f8c77-c7bd-4b40-931b-d9afaebf26d5                      12h            12h
storage           k10-csi-snap-d5lncmg562crgk6z   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0a2feaf2-7369-4109-bb23-5327e39a2982                      42m            42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-d8xhfh45l68rr5xz   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-36071385-891c-4367-9005-d99f17309356                      65d            65d
storage           k10-csi-snap-d9zk7bdgwvtvhqzz   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-64c2282d-bb2a-4f65-a9b0-034aa64722ef                      22h            22h
storage           k10-csi-snap-dftvddw98pfgglxj   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e4458dbe-2ef2-4bb4-acd0-ba069e29c723                      12h            12h
storage           k10-csi-snap-dgvgj4s6d92bm5cj   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3683ee4c-a197-40a2-9427-cc998d2781e3                      6h45m          6h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-dnk49jjhdm464pkr   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cd4fed22-87cf-4441-8749-d51c7f25cc93                      13d            13d
storage           k10-csi-snap-dtrm5vvgld2mvchl   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b4e44781-71df-436d-9262-d90b498587ff                      20h            20h
storage           k10-csi-snap-dvss5zdvvgkkqjjp   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-12d953a7-fdaa-485e-9807-e015589872c1                      6d6h           6d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-f5ssvblcqzvkqknt   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2b647cca-4e7f-4abf-8b3c-ec9e70e298c3                      6h45m          6h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-f62js2wcwm26jhln   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b1105c3c-2a65-45f0-98fe-556244041334                      5d6h           5d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-f6tw6d2rdljbz267   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f738ebd1-ed23-4afc-b61e-d6cb11a36430                      34d            34d
storage           k10-csi-snap-f6txc569x4lpzggl   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9cfa4fe4-4932-4c18-8c2d-acd2333a3cdd                      16h            16h
storage           k10-csi-snap-f74vxpp5l6d9hj8x   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-08195f14-9d3b-467b-aabd-451b3c45bfa9                      14h            14h
storage           k10-csi-snap-f7pnslrjpm9gf9r6   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-93732c1e-f79b-4e1d-bb85-bef30fbf18fa                      18h            18h
storage           k10-csi-snap-f7s2sv5pgbz2s7rk   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-117bb61b-be43-4e65-be45-1856e02ff7ec                      9h             9h
storage           k10-csi-snap-fghw5fjdcr82bv7s   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c35fa97c-50e7-4eda-9491-30e5013e2bfc                      13d            13d
storage           k10-csi-snap-fjmfqx5xf7glpgtd   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-77701ade-ec96-40d9-88aa-b1cf98086932                      16h            16h
storage           k10-csi-snap-fkt2wlhfjnnw4r5x   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e19365e7-d175-40f4-be62-62cb66ce9664                      20h            20h
storage           k10-csi-snap-fp627rvdsw9vpcrx   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d3d47064-e5c1-4b89-899b-0c7d290c1793                      105m           105m
storage           k10-csi-snap-fpcst6x4chlbrp8h   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7a813c4d-d3c4-4a2c-a72a-79b9ff41be34                      23h            23h
storage           k10-csi-snap-fq2hhsfcd98czz5p   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-13e2e22d-d69f-463e-8035-7269f10f569f                      7h45m          7h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-frsh52nxltzf2zll   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c4e860c2-3a66-4a18-a3f2-45eaf15e674d                      20d            20d
storage           k10-csi-snap-ftbmzmhvp7t9qhsd   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b6186950-9241-48c8-a099-eb2baabc7da9                      14h            14h
storage           k10-csi-snap-g4jfp7zt9tqh4gdq   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4e8d11bc-6260-4300-95b3-6eaea840f425                      10h            10h
storage           k10-csi-snap-gf5jpr22pkvsgfvk   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ec3af26e-f54c-407f-9096-a26cbe9f7e97                      2d6h           2d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-ggkvwbc4744rqplx   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-71496b10-c3ff-43de-b527-f79c758c9feb                      65d            65d
storage           k10-csi-snap-gj5zlb8vxl76gp9t   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-bfe32f22-1b3a-41e1-929c-7f6cbe7abca7                      18h            18h
storage           k10-csi-snap-gj9fmq92h6bq7r4c   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-572a09ef-b3f1-4cd2-bc5b-2e0dc6ab23d2                      27d            27d
storage           k10-csi-snap-gkbwqddjtggml99q   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5a40c306-b9ff-41b5-aa63-856e495426bb                      3h45m          3h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-gktbsk65n96wc2cr   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-76e222ec-6461-4948-a412-9444370ecc7f                      34d            34d
storage           k10-csi-snap-gllt2cp5mcvv6jf4   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ee6080f6-a183-4424-ad8c-f53c379af1eb                      165m           165m
storage           k10-csi-snap-gmww7xvtxndzv75q   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5aa33912-630b-4915-8939-345b0e358569                      21h            21h
storage           k10-csi-snap-gth57t6c2vzlclvp   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7f4cb119-3f73-4294-9d28-3581831167e3                      4h42m          4h42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-gxb2cdnlk9lj9kqk   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7087a57a-6087-4a4b-9b58-e3f094ae8087                      27d            27d
storage           k10-csi-snap-gxd7xd5s4hgzzfsn   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9e24da84-0f14-40b7-8988-4f567ae5b263                      34d            34d
storage           k10-csi-snap-gxgjxkpb8pfqm9jx   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8b011400-b17f-4d48-aa8a-f442b07a8655                      9h             9h
storage           k10-csi-snap-h4xmmdzpqgxmzrv4   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0c22a5bf-0a19-420c-b5f9-963f713a88c7                      27d            27d
storage           k10-csi-snap-hbrl5n8tgx8b844j   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-77d3cd1d-0a36-4a89-b6cf-a1b52034c39e                      166m           166m
storage           k10-csi-snap-hcnr829kjs82zhgk   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4053c212-921f-45f5-80e9-6857c417d0cd                      4d6h           4d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-hcxdsf8fk278jlpd   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-615d559e-fc8d-4e58-a123-3adb2ece3845                      5d6h           5d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-hdp6f5snjvdfx4qz   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a7fad16f-2328-4920-9842-059be0020ea7                      105m           105m
storage           k10-csi-snap-hdrlxh6fmj2xv24k   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-93270c02-e3b1-4c48-a9bb-357eb59e405e                      20h            20h
storage           k10-csi-snap-hl69jv2cxx9g2lc4   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6a550f44-879c-41a1-9312-2bc18c716cdc                      15h            15h
storage           k10-csi-snap-hlbrsdpk8sr4brll   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7a56eb61-4b79-45df-b1a2-427b464f422b                      105m           105m
storage           k10-csi-snap-hq7jvmckxf7r28x7   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-20712a35-375d-417b-8edd-fdbe8582a720                      21h            21h
storage           k10-csi-snap-j228dpbv8b7gqd2q   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3b17ff83-7ed0-4098-a1a0-f074b2c72f45                      42m            42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-j4qm2nc759lrsngb   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0c0cac65-edc1-4792-a657-eff60b4aebf8                      7d6h           7d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-j6snc9d2cszggsgr   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b942527e-58ac-40d7-bc10-89d06b7f4269                      6h45m          6h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-j8rdk74bkmbsh62w   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4ce6845d-64c4-4e66-a12a-049256e5b23a                      17h            17h
storage           k10-csi-snap-j8tmqpsv56rzqh5r   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-54e2ffe6-2563-47fe-8ce9-606ded8c4f7b                      15h            15h
storage           k10-csi-snap-jbpfs7q624grbqbx   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c0821cab-d519-44e7-8903-e6cef1c3ae45                      3d6h           3d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-jjkbshqqnczkg86j   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d71fc1a6-827b-4d81-a494-d5e03921fc78                      17h            17h
storage           k10-csi-snap-jkll7wnmql7f4ngk   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-da5d616c-79d7-4888-8395-5d676730bcaf                      20d            20d
storage           k10-csi-snap-jnv2h52mvwgqs8rd   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5ffb7601-f2e7-4c3e-8c05-478f2b1166e5                      14h            14h
storage           k10-csi-snap-jxkzrdpf6h78fjh8   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-921f4417-5cab-4a30-8c10-c2f716c70792                      22h            22h
storage           k10-csi-snap-jxzrvjtfsvfgshm8   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e013631f-7a81-452c-9f45-19c51071cee4                      15h            15h
storage           k10-csi-snap-kcbkfxjg9zj5fbbl   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ddf47f0a-1ef7-47ed-a6ee-ed4277de5f34                      3h45m          3h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-kgslcp4rprgpj5jr   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-36c014d0-a06e-41ef-a310-4eba0c561267                      14h            14h
storage           k10-csi-snap-kmbs6fmfbklbnk8s   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8818ebfb-1279-41fe-9b99-d0a4c283dd23                      27d            27d
storage           k10-csi-snap-kmz4bcxzxqsjdgjq   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e9be8745-405b-4b05-8296-30da2b8d17ee                      13d            13d
storage           k10-csi-snap-kpb5mw5sxzfq4wtf   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-dd8fcbfa-c40d-4cb0-af19-a31fc61121cc                      105m           105m
storage           k10-csi-snap-kw5vqrxxccsc4nnd   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8a7c9087-158c-4bb6-8f2a-bceed75a413c                      12h            12h
storage           k10-csi-snap-kxq9cfddzwzxj4wk   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c8584523-5535-40f5-a9a7-d112b2915f0a                      5h44m          5h44m
storage           k10-csi-snap-kxxmqfv8mmn7dzkw   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-548c7d5e-8b06-4499-8088-53653e9afc49                      12h            12h
storage           k10-csi-snap-l772qsvfhhwrjmqc   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6807057e-4edb-41f7-8156-2653e70be480                      27d            27d
storage           k10-csi-snap-lhgn4njjpm576qgr   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e3126612-ffc3-4138-9e4e-3fad4a288a37                      65d            65d
storage           k10-csi-snap-lk7jrq2xmxhspbrr   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7a1bd12a-c155-4650-8c8b-696151540d9b                      7h45m          7h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-lkfcx46wsc9krv2c   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-05588a1c-48d2-431b-bf97-ae44b3618719                      19h            19h
storage           k10-csi-snap-lvnczctt9248fslb   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-529739a8-6842-43d2-bab5-468f420caaa8                      65d            65d
storage           k10-csi-snap-lwnwhp4lml95s9vq   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a1d44cee-c7c1-4e70-87d8-99b5aed2afd0                      7h45m          7h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-m29njkxjvl2kddxs   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-34ccb441-81f1-4c83-b1b2-3a5e973b3abe                      12h            12h
storage           k10-csi-snap-m2wmj47k9ltqlsfw   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9b25bc58-8c3d-4b9f-8f04-4d820ffb01cc                      16h            16h
storage           k10-csi-snap-m4fx9z6qtncqcg2g   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9e5e353e-75cd-4c0e-8482-42aa52f11123                      20h            20h
storage           k10-csi-snap-m72x7ccrmgqv7cbx   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-58d7715c-03de-4413-bc99-0f53a2ada108                      17h            17h
storage           k10-csi-snap-m9j48brnxclw5vgp   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-73df883e-ad25-4946-8411-6f03dd1ca9d4                      13d            13d
storage           k10-csi-snap-mbwdwf6b7skrwf8g   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-65201bf8-5948-4af1-9e73-9c7e88334a06                      10h            10h
storage           k10-csi-snap-mgcjf7n44pcsmp6t   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-924d3d84-2c53-40f1-ac85-9f0488f2db98                      65d            65d
storage           k10-csi-snap-mjxwfwmnrqdtljqb   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-54bc04ff-5d2c-4cf7-8c23-e665db727972                      19h            19h
storage           k10-csi-snap-mn9kf7vwh9d2q2xq   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-43e29c47-e924-4126-851d-58901f962b05                      18h            18h
storage           k10-csi-snap-mq24hwbszws42gpb   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b207a9e4-f0de-4a94-92bd-3f10a9ffd02b                      16h            16h
storage           k10-csi-snap-mt6tdz4cv2gbglkh   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2a8e5f60-0f91-45ee-b20e-4cb3213585c1                      34d            34d
storage           k10-csi-snap-mzq9c252hmkfvn4z   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9646e10e-94d7-47d8-a041-8caf4869224a                      22h            22h
storage           k10-csi-snap-n6tnv2v6fhvrj5nv   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-13ad9d6d-19b2-459d-9f3a-729edf635c5a                      22h            22h
storage           k10-csi-snap-ncqhpp48tv8mpltt   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a4ea3860-6d85-474c-aa53-ca8a1a114b6a                      4d6h           4d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-nnpvwsztgwmp9gpz   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7a97e3d9-40b6-431a-b16e-8d8dd6109e63                      12h            12h
storage           k10-csi-snap-nwqnwqf44hk9zbrj   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-73f7ed59-4efd-41c0-9f40-96ab2ddd96ef                      20d            20d
storage           k10-csi-snap-nx5tgwjg46j6mwls   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fb60ca8b-00df-4b86-b34f-ee4e3bc78772                      9h             9h
storage           k10-csi-snap-nzbj596pc96l2xc2   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ee8be85a-1f09-401b-839b-d595c97c122c                      8h             8h
storage           k10-csi-snap-nzmhm8jqw8mmm696   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d336fb35-db8e-4380-b258-62bf08b56c6f                      4h41m          4h41m
storage           k10-csi-snap-p7j6blxs8xxwmkp4   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-59f68cd6-8760-4095-b304-2ce5071caf36                      13h            13h
storage           k10-csi-snap-p7rxzlngzkxhq595   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1f32856a-9f9e-4d74-8e38-978e1df9c5a5                      15h            15h
storage           k10-csi-snap-p82csg7bn99p8l59   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f1b50dd5-e1a9-4899-9281-c9fcbf3eae75                      4h42m          4h42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-pc7klkmzz8vcj87x   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-668e2cfb-6f56-4e3c-93c5-2139446d1578                      11h            11h
storage           k10-csi-snap-pf2wmkjm6tfd4nd5   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d4912dd3-abab-4bfb-a824-4b409d6bf6af                      166m           166m
storage           k10-csi-snap-phvkw49qdl8scnb9   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a4ec38e5-babb-4c58-a430-64918045021d                      5d6h           5d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-pkwv54qr8scnlq87   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-23c60d10-0f49-486e-88c9-48b66001c980                      20d            20d
storage           k10-csi-snap-pp57xkptwfhvt28d   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-df7a017e-91e8-4be2-b4d4-3f53d232f13d                      8h             8h
storage           k10-csi-snap-q4n7tkjj7k42cgz5   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2193724b-be89-4411-8159-c0ae663dbf5b                      21h            21h
storage           k10-csi-snap-qgg2pg7qb5pzh926   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-49980bd0-6507-41d2-b3ce-272e73a16987                      27d            27d
storage           k10-csi-snap-qgh2nww5x77jd8tf   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-8821ea7e-d1ab-47c8-a8eb-d1f79136f567                      6h45m          6h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-qm6crk6kjjqdd7rs   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a351f4f6-35ec-44d4-b7fc-4843cd277c35                      5d6h           5d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-qn2hgm44p25g67gx   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2473ca7f-2c4f-41df-8755-4c75f85fc1ee                      4d6h           4d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-qn4b6br2kkn9j7fv   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a6c543f5-39bb-4c6c-adae-0e9bdec45113                      165m           166m
storage           k10-csi-snap-qqqbfnd4jtnjhxs2   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-759a0cb7-3b6f-400e-8d44-4434092accf2                      19h            19h
storage           k10-csi-snap-qtdkrn6tw7hhh24m   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c12ae0a9-d546-4915-88a9-22e361a197ff                      3h46m          3h46m
storage           k10-csi-snap-qtlqkqk9fjs4ddn4   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0e677277-e4d0-4d45-b337-0e4306de0b39                      15h            15h
storage           k10-csi-snap-r76sc8x97rqbwgrb   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-50504ceb-8b4f-40c3-9b2a-cd7870703107                      166m           166m
storage           k10-csi-snap-r7dxwz4848g7l4qf   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-21054c21-21ab-4cb8-8287-ee3db1e48f50                      9h             9h
storage           k10-csi-snap-r9hn7bmhzm7rpdkb   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d08637a7-b203-44b5-9070-e7ebc2cba05f                      8h             8h
storage           k10-csi-snap-rbh57x4bvtzhgbxd   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-abe19d7e-91f8-440b-819e-1423d61e07b5                      16h            16h
storage           k10-csi-snap-rg92qjb5gq7tpdh9   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ddc3b895-d2af-424d-8e6a-18d47f14df0c                      22h            22h
storage           k10-csi-snap-rgcprm7x2jm65bnq   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0caa14ee-76e5-4c7a-9a98-2dec1fe049f1                      3h45m          3h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-rhwhfpt6sqb4svqm   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-69760333-2421-4c4a-b5c8-cfa100251b55                      106m           106m
storage           k10-csi-snap-rl7n8dn4jkjdptsk   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7caf8c4a-a489-411f-90b6-60f590837c38                      23h            23h
storage           k10-csi-snap-rnqt7mkc2dlrhw7f   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6a9b8ea3-e0c1-4eb1-8c8a-4f076f6cfb4b                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-rpp6rtjjkcfhnsn7   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-7f86ec33-1579-41cf-9a2e-304006cdcbcd                      23h            23h
storage           k10-csi-snap-rqhqfqkl5bqpg9xw   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c8be3a30-779d-476e-bf82-0d5ff383505c                      6d6h           6d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-rsq42nqjpr4lwt7v   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4122f392-0157-493a-8fb5-19fbad61e4c7                      4h42m          4h42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-sclrgp94vn4zbs69   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5ec75388-492d-4f62-bac4-5457d3380ce1                      105m           105m
storage           k10-csi-snap-sf4stjn558lgkb5k   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-aa8a7905-764e-4094-8ad8-e0acbd802cd7                      20d            20d
storage           k10-csi-snap-sghplrkt2h7hjfh9   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2345e238-dd5e-4c3f-9692-996f68a1d251                      3d6h           3d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-skm4728g92k77hg8   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-56384acd-9862-4d45-85d6-b071264cc3f9                      5h44m          5h44m
storage           k10-csi-snap-smmdb682b7nrlb92   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b49341c0-9c32-4254-a8ff-352575349365                      13d            13d
storage           k10-csi-snap-smxcx44vnf7lvxcp   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ceac2c5a-657d-40cc-b92b-559fbad22258                      4d6h           4d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-sxz6m4zrq4h6bmpg   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-eb52b00b-7396-4dc2-9cde-7ef5a8811ccf                      4d6h           4d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-szgs86pjmrs89dbs   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-d73658c4-30c2-44aa-a336-1643bbab48a6                      18h            18h
storage           k10-csi-snap-t7p6qc8kvxnxxhm5   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-e4dbd02d-9756-4320-9f43-2cda18e40195                      5d6h           5d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-thrtc2vr8cd8djrx   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-a8c49a93-c4ad-49f7-8a1b-3c36ba9e14bb                      5d6h           5d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-tn9wmmmskst4hxb7   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6b5ca7d4-4cb6-4ed5-bd55-9cdf3afffd86                      11h            11h
storage           k10-csi-snap-txglvqpwkcdrnlrf   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-41999f26-9326-4ded-b8f0-8c474d03322f                      19h            19h
storage           k10-csi-snap-txhq84b6gsp6rmk7   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2230b0a6-cd9f-4dc2-bf82-5a7bf5635d7b                      19h            19h
storage           k10-csi-snap-txl776b47x5q878t   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5b9bc642-6a55-4bd7-92a4-265ee92bd648                      6d6h           6d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-vl6vb9nfvw9z22vf   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f74c5ea9-8b27-4b64-8f4d-db71a57c28a2                      18h            18h
storage           k10-csi-snap-vqtzkbqlxfbsvcn8   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b0a0fb7f-e592-47f1-8e2d-5ecff950d5c8                      5h44m          5h44m
storage           k10-csi-snap-vt9gt5vlnq8cw5z8   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6124910f-faf9-40a1-9ece-7d1432c5bb08                      14h            14h
storage           k10-csi-snap-vtz6rzsj8l6tq8zs   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0f416c06-dd2f-41aa-9bbb-3da523412dc5                      17h            17h
storage           k10-csi-snap-w2wkxf878xxmr8gh   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6272210f-8473-4bbd-8d98-7ee2ca4e5e26                      7h45m          7h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-wcvlc4z8tt56phgx   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-19bd4590-0bd9-457d-8ad0-257cea3bad9c                      7h45m          7h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-wcx2hxgkcvx2nh4j   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-cfeea129-8200-4092-968f-69dfa52b0ac2                      13h            13h
storage           k10-csi-snap-wf2fsxqh2r99nxb2   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-b4655d8b-ac87-4db6-aea6-ea11b056ddeb                      13h            13h
storage           k10-csi-snap-whcdknlqbhzg5z4x   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-09c5f420-5c0f-4046-a7c6-45c59733c2ab                      8h             8h
storage           k10-csi-snap-whg2c4tqqs2w5hvz   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4bc69aca-22c1-43b9-a499-54977acb81fd                      106m           106m
storage           k10-csi-snap-wljkvv8lrz4xtr5l   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-71fc5ce3-78e1-4ff5-a22b-aebfaee994af                      14h            14h
storage           k10-csi-snap-wnfwrvqn5w4nw4vv   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f3e2bc6f-6d0c-4cee-8693-7020b6f82f3b                      3d6h           3d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-wp4n6rg9tfz7w6w9   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-33fab0c8-94f6-431f-83d8-1cbfe36e612c                      11h            11h
storage           k10-csi-snap-wr5lgcvkvsfkrlhk   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-c0ae9443-c38a-4a3b-b26b-fbf3f3e3b061                      42m            42m
storage           k10-csi-snap-ws82m496lxdkzpbl   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-3a81332d-af43-4f0f-810e-10b7933733d1                      16h            16h
storage           k10-csi-snap-wt82d69bdcfdf7k6   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-946fad95-08cc-4f92-8857-9f4294f5c729                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-x8r5l54jh75hkmdz   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-1d19fa47-be82-4b35-a0d2-990d4922891b                      23h            23h
storage           k10-csi-snap-xbfwrml4xk8p6jrj   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-903870d6-8b19-42ad-9ef9-2f8661876168                      13h            13h
storage           k10-csi-snap-xcw5ps57bwv6bsjx   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-03f03029-4907-4366-a2d5-896371389c2e                      21h            21h
storage           k10-csi-snap-xdgtgswzfjhbvv69   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-0fe7003a-d308-40f0-a43e-94e4ca4109d1                      10h            10h
storage           k10-csi-snap-xfbv6hck7s5vmhgl   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-079a9882-4c42-46b7-92bf-799856d6f848                      13d            13d
storage           k10-csi-snap-xknwpsp9g9vr4lch   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-fbae539b-9709-4c16-94c9-c0d9e0c01031                      43m            43m
storage           k10-csi-snap-xmhhgjmtvc8jfhwg   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-0                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-4d692c7c-080f-4f1f-a072-3136e1ad3699                      7h45m          7h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-xncvrhxbglmkf68h   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-2ac76661-6d7b-4ee7-b6ea-6d17e8d47d4b                      3h45m          3h45m
storage           k10-csi-snap-xq5f85wprr4gmcnj   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-ee55052b-4f84-42c6-ac58-c5054f14a4ab                      11h            11h
storage           k10-csi-snap-xsh869pptx7qhp9n   true         redis-data-redis-master-0                                                                                                                              8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-adf70af2-f753-4837-8877-eff9e59c7d6e                      3d6h           3d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-xtws4r58qd2x6kwl   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-1                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-f1100f56-70a3-4470-bfcf-a5286ed04c4f                      7d6h           7d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-xwnwmrdv7vp4dl8g   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-9470c87f-27b5-4dcc-aa6a-0ed22a5297ce                      3d6h           3d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-z2t45fmvvh5rwwdb   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-5f901666-f448-4ad4-bb5d-5902ab87c634                      43m            43m
storage           k10-csi-snap-z6dqngkmt6mnqlkz   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-434e3fad-df5e-471b-94f9-700f532bdfc9                      7d6h           7d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-zbqtfnbbkq8xxq7d   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-295e3d63-119c-402e-b89a-5fcfd4969c87                      7d6h           7d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-zgf922vdxgtgkrrq   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-57813c82-04c5-48a0-81ce-f54df65010b2                      2d6h           2d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-zgmvgjvphqw7jkqb   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-1                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-79298c10-f00e-4196-a928-95ec6c3b7aec                      6d6h           6d6h
storage           k10-csi-snap-zj5pp6lgznnj7zff   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-2                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-de6a973f-d986-40b7-bb4e-6a3e56205b40                      30h            30h
storage           k10-csi-snap-zn5m6xr7x5z9ns6g   true         redis-data-redis-replicas-0                                                                                                                            8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-6e76c406-2547-41af-99b4-237e12439f19                      15h            15h
storage           k10-csi-snap-zqgl6fdhjgxlwgnb   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-34b6b23e-9829-493e-a637-30fe05bacbff                      21h            21h
storage           k10-csi-snap-zws8mctvmbf8s5kg   true         storage-dragonfly-seed-peer-2                                                                                                                          8Gi           ceph-block-snapshot             snapcontent-16f25230-969e-42f3-8c5c-50fca1f9a133                      6d6h           6d6h
